
--- Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election ---

Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election
of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
On February 4, 2026, after more than five decades with Amphenol
Corporation (the “Company”), including serving as President from 1987 to 2006, Chief Executive Officer from 1996 to 2008 and
as Chairman of the Board since 1997, Martin H. Loeffler notified the Company that he intends to retire from the Board of Directors of
the Company (the “Board”), effective on the date of the Company’s 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which is expected
to be in May 2026 (the “Meeting Date”). Mr. Loeffler’s retirement from the Board is not the result of a disagreement
with the Company on any matter relating to the Company’s operations, policies or practices.

--- Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure. ---

Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.
In addition, on February 4, 2026, the Board appointed R. Adam
Norwitt, currently serving as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, to the additional role of Chairman of the Board, effective
on the Meeting Date. A copy of the Company’s related press release announcing the retirement of Mr. Loeffler from the Board
and the appointment of Mr. Norwitt to the role of Chairman of the Board, as described above, is attached hereto with this report
as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated by reference.
The information set forth in this Item 7.01, including the attached
Exhibit 99.1, is being furnished and shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that Section, nor shall it be deemed
incorporated by reference in any filing by the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as expressly
set forth by specific reference in such filing.

--- Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. ---

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibits
Exhibit No.
Document Description
99.1
Press Release dated February 4, 2026
104
Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)
Signature
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
AMPHENOL CORPORATION
By:
/s/ Lance E. D’Amico
Lance E. D’Amico
Executive Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel
Date: February 5, 2026
EX-99.1
2
tm265098d1_ex99-1.htm
EXHIBIT 99.1
Exhibit 99.1
Amphenol
News Release
World Headquarters
35
8
Hall Avenue
Wallingford, CT 06492
Telephone (203) 265-8900
AMPHENOL ANNOUNCES BOARD SUCCESSION PLAN
Wallingford, Connecticut, February 4, 2026. Amphenol Corporation (NYSE:
APH) today announced that the Board of Directors has appointed R. Adam Norwitt, currently serving as President and Chief Executive Officer,
to the additional role of Chairman of the Board, effective on the date of the Company’s 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which
is expected to be in May 2026. After more than five decades with Amphenol, including serving as President from 1987 to 2006, Chief Executive
Officer from 1996 to 2008 and as Chairman of the Board since 1997, Martin H. Loeffler intends to retire from the Board also effective
in May. As part of this leadership transition, David P. Falck, who has served as a Director since 2013 and Presiding Director since 2016,
will continue to serve as Lead Independent Director.
“On behalf of the Board of Directors, I want to thank Martin
for his exceptional contributions to the Company over these many decades and express the Board’s deep appreciation for the outstanding
results he has helped Amphenol to achieve,” said Mr. Falck. “The decision to appoint Adam as Amphenol’s Chairman reflects
the Board’s confidence in his strong leadership as well as his deep industry experience and long-term strategic vision for the
Company.”
“I am extremely pleased to recognize Adam’s unique contributions
to Amphenol with his promotion to Chairman of the Board,” said Mr. Loeffler. “I would like to congratulate Adam on his extraordinary
leadership so far as President and CEO and express my warmest wishes to him as he takes on this important additional role as Chairman.
I have no doubt that Adam will continue to be an outstanding steward of Amphenol’s culture, while further supporting the superior
growth and profitability of the Company.”
“I am deeply honored and humbled to be named Chairman of the
Amphenol Board,” said Mr. Norwitt. “I want to offer my sincere thanks to Martin who has been an iconic leader in the interconnect
industry. Nearly 40 years ago, Martin helped establish the foundation of Amphenol’s entrepreneurial culture and nurtured that culture
through his roles as President, CEO and Chairman. This entrepreneurial culture has been the key enabler of Amphenol’s extraordinary
growth and performance over these many years. On a personal note, I would also like to thank Martin for his invaluable mentorship and
unwavering support during my career at Amphenol.”
About Amphenol
Amphenol
Corporation is one of the world’s largest designers, manufacturers and marketers of electrical, electronic and fiber optic connectors
and interconnect systems, antennas, sensors and sensor-based products and coaxial, high-speed, fiber optic and specialty cable. Amphenol
designs, manufactures and assembles its products at facilities in approximately 40 countries around the world and sells its products
through its own global sales force, independent representatives and a global network of electronics distributors. Amphenol has a diversified
presence as a leader in high-growth areas of the interconnect market including: Automotive, Commercial Aerospace, Communications Networks,
