
--- Item 8.01 Other Events. ---

Item 8.01 Other Events.
On
February 5, 2026, PIH issued a press release reaffirming its initial dividend framework and broader shareholder return strategy that will
be implemented upon the consummation of the Business Combination. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is
incorporated herein by reference.
Forward-Looking Statements
This Form 8-K includes “forward-looking
statements.” These include the expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future for EQV Ventures Acquisition
Corp. (“EQV”), Presidio PubCo Inc. (“Presidio”), EQV Resources LLC (“EQV Resources”) or Presidio Investment
Holdings LLC (“PIH”), or those of their respective management teams. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use
of words such as “estimate,” “plan,” “project,” “forecast,” “intend,” “expect,”
“anticipate,” “believe,” “seek,” “potential,” “budget,” “may,”
“will,” “could,” “should,” “continue” or other similar expressions that predict or indicate
future events or trends or that are not statements of historical matters. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited
to, statements regarding Presidio’s, PIH’s, EQV Resources’ and EQV’s expectations with respect to future performance,
the timing and amount of any dividend payments, the ability to successfully complete acquisitions on attractive terms, or at all, the
capitalization of EQV or Presidio after giving effect to the proposed business combination between EQV and PIH (the “proposed business
combination”) and related transactions with EQV Resources and expectations with respect to the future performance and the success
of the combined company following the consummation of the proposed business combination. These statements are based on various assumptions,
whether or not identified in this Form 8-K, and on the current expectations of Presidio’s, PIH’s, EQV’s and EQV Resources’
management and are not predictions of actual performance. These forward-looking statements are provided for illustrative purposes only
and are not intended to serve as, and must not be relied upon by any investors as, a guarantee, an assurance, a prediction or a definitive
statement of fact or probability. Actual events and circumstances are difficult or impossible to predict and will differ from assumptions.
Many actual events and circumstances are beyond the control of Presidio, PIH, EQV Resources and EQV. These forward-looking statements
are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including changes in business, market, financial, political and legal conditions;
benefits from hedges and expected production; the inability of the parties to successfully or timely consummate the proposed business
combination, including the risk that any regulatory approvals are not obtained, are delayed or are subject to unanticipated conditions
that could adversely affect the combined company or the expected benefits of the proposed business combination or that the approval of
the shareholders of EQV is not obtained; failure to realize the anticipated benefits of the proposed business combination, which may be
affected by, among other things, competition, the ability of Presidio to grow and manage growth profitably, maintain key relationships
and retain its management and key employees; risks related to the uncertainty of the projected financial information with respect to PIH
or Presidio; risks related to PIH’s current growth strategy; the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could
give rise to the termination of any definitive agreements with respect to the proposed business combination; the outcome of any legal
proceedings that may be instituted against any of the parties to the potential business combination following its announcement and any
definitive agreements with respect thereto; changes to the proposed structure of the proposed business combination that may be required
or appropriate as a result of applicable laws or regulations or as a condition to obtaining regulatory approval of the proposed business
combination; risks that PIH or Presidio may not achieve their expectations; the ability to meet stock exchange listing standards following
the proposed business combination; the risk that the proposed business combination disrupts the current plans and operations of PIH; costs
related to the potential business combination; changes in laws and regulations; risks related to the domestication of EQV as a Delaware
corporation; risks related to Presidio’s ability to pay expected dividends; the extent of participation in rollover agreements;
the amount of redemption requests made by EQV’s public equity holders; and the ability of EQV or Presidio to issue equity or equity-linked
securities or issue debt securities or enter into debt financing arrangements in connection with the proposed business combination or
in the future. Additional information concerning these and other factors that may impact such forward-looking statements can be found
in filings and potential filings by PIH, EQV, EQV Resources or Presidio resulting from the proposed business combination with the SEC,
including under the heading “Risk Factors” in the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (as amended, the “Registration
Statement”) filed by Presidio, EQV Resources and PIH. If any of these risks materialize or any assumptions prove incorrect, actual
results could differ materially from the results implied by these forward-looking statements. There may be additional risks that none
of Presidio, PIH, EQV Resources nor EQV presently know or that Presidio, PIH, EQV Resources or EQV currently believe are immaterial that
could also cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are
provided for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to serve as and must not be relied on by investors as a guarantee, an assurance,
a prediction or a definitive statement of fact or probability.
1
In addition, forward-looking
statements relect Presidio’s, PIH’s, EQV Resources’ and EQV’s expectations, plans or forecasts of future events
and views as of the date they are made. Presidio, PIH, EQV Resources and EQV anticipate that subsequent events and developments will cause
Presidio’s. PIH’s, EQV Resources’ and EQV’s assessments to change. However, while Presidio, PIH, EQV Resources
and EQV may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, Presidio, PIH, EQV Resources and EQV specifically
disclaim any obligation to do so, except as required by law. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing
Presidio’s, PIH’s, EQV Resources’ or EQV’s assessments as of any date subsequent to the date they are made. Accordingly,
undue reliance should not be placed upon the forward-looking statements. None of Presidio, PIH, EQV Resources, EQV, or any of their respective
affiliates have any obligation to update these forward-looking statements other than as required by law. In addition, this Form 8-K contains

--- Item 9.01 Financial ---

Item 9.01 Financial
Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibits. The following
exhibit is furnished with this Form 8-K:
Exhibit No.
Description of Exhibits
99.1
Press Release dated February 5, 2026.
104
Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the inline XBRL document)
3
SIGNATURE
Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.
EQV Ventures Acquisition Corp.
By:
/s/ Tyson Taylor
Name:
Tyson Taylor
Title:
President and Chief Financial Officer
Dated: February 5, 2026
4
EX-99.1
2
ea027576301ex99-1_eqv.htm
PRESS RELEASE DATED FEBRUARY 5, 2026
Exhibit 99.1
The following press release was issued by Presidio
Investment Holdings LLC on February 5, 2026.
Presidio Petroleum Announces Dividend Policy and Reinforces Differentiated
Producing Oil and Gas Strategy
Presidio intends to initiate a dividend of $1.35
per share per annum, approved and paid quarterly
Fort Worth, TX, Feb. 05, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --
Presidio
Investment Holdings LLC (“Presidio” or the “Company”), a differentiated oil and gas operator focused on the acquisition
and optimization of mature, producing oil and natural gas assets in the United States, today reaffirmed its initial dividend framework
and broader shareholder return strategy in conjunction with the previously announced business combination with EQV Ventures Acquisition
Corp (NYSE: FTW) (“EQV”).
Presidio’s strategy is designed for public market investors seeking
a clear, repeatable income proposition, rather than exposure to drilling inventory, type curves, and reinvestment-heavy development programs.
The strategy is to produce and acquire oil and gas assets, hedge commodity prices, maintain low operating costs, minimal capital expenditures,
and return cash to shareholders. The Company believes the simplicity of this model supports a dividend approach that is transparent, stable
and durable.
Initial Dividend Policy: Fixed and Designed to Grow Through M&A
Presidio expects to initiate a dividend of $1.35 per share per annum,
to be approved and paid quarterly. The Company expects to provide formal dividend timing details promptly following completion of the
transaction and approval by the Board of Directors of the post-business combination company.
Will Ulrich, Presidio Co-Founder and Co-CEO, said: “We’re
offering investors a straightforward proposition: a $1.35 per share annual dividend, that we expect to be approved and paid quarterly.
From there, our plan is to grow that dividend over time, not by outspending cash flow to drill, but by acquiring and optimizing high-quality
assets and distributing cash flow through dividends to shareholders.”
Presidio intends to grow the dividend over time primarily through accretive
acquisitions, supported by a favorable M&A environment for purchasing non-core assets at attractive returns.
Why Presidio Is Different: Not a Drilling Story
Presidio emphasizes that its business model is fundamentally different
from high-decline E&P companies that must continuously reinvest significant capital into drilling new wells. Instead, Presidio is
designed as a capital-light platform with minimal reinvestment requirements, enabling a greater portion of cash flow to be returned directly
to shareholders. By centering the value proposition on disciplined cash flow management and shareholder distributions, with growth driven
