
--- Item 8.01 Other Events. ---

Item 8.01 Other Events.
Each month the Chief Executive Officer of the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York ("FHLBNY") issues a ‘Report from the President’ (the "Report") to each shareholder. Such Reports may contain information that may be important to security holders. A copy of the Report to shareholders for the month of January 2026 issued on February 5, 2026 is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1.

--- Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. ---

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibits.
Exhibit
Number
Description
99.1
FHLBNY President’s Report dated February 5, 2026.
104
Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)
2
SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
Federal Home Loan Bank of New York
Date:  February 5, 2026
By:
/s/ Kevin M. Neylan
Name:
Kevin M. Neylan
Title:
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
3
EX-99.1
2
fhlbny_ex991.htm
FHLBNY PRESIDENTS REPORT
fhlbny_ex991.htm
EXHIBIT 99.1
February 5, 2026
TO:
All Stockholders
(Addressed Individually)
SUBJECT:
Report from the President
Recognizing Our Value
On January 14, the Urban Institute released the second study in its three-part series on the Federal Home Loan Bank System,
The Value of the FHLBank System to Promote Housing and Community Development Lending
, with this latest piece focused on how our liquidity drives increased lending activity across the country.
In its report, Urban found that, in studying the period between 2002 and 2024, FHLBank advances contributed to more than a $1.8 trillion increase in combined lending by bank and credit union members – and that a $100 increase in advances led to $38 more in total lending for banks and $27 more for credit unions (figures that increase to $48 and $36, respectively, post-2008).  Urban also found the following:
·
Total annual lending increased by more than $75 billion ($97 billion post-2008) for member banks and $3 billion ($5 billion post-2008) for member credit unions.
·
FHLBanks advances drove more than $850 billion in additional residential real estate lending by member banks and credit unions during the study period.
·
FHLBank advances led to increased mortgage originations, especially for small member banks where each $100 increase in advances relative to assets was associated with a $51 increase in originations post-2008.
·
As advances increase, members increase their MBS holdings and warehouse lending, two crucial funding channels for the mortgage market.
·
FHLBank advances lead to increased lending for small businesses, farms and community development activities.
The Urban study quantifies what our team, our Board and our members know to be true: that by executing on our foundational liquidity mission, the FHLBanks expand access to credit for housing, small businesses, farms and communities nationwide.  Our role as the local lender’s local lender drives economic growth and financial stability, to the benefit of the entire country.
1
The Member Voice
The first two Urban Institute studies – along with last month’s Government Accountability Office report,
Federal Home Loan Banks: Role During Financial Stress and Members’ Borrowing Trends and Outcomes
– provide significant third-party support for the FHLBanks and our mission.  But we have long held that the most compelling voice is that of the member, the institution that puts our funding to work in support of the communities we all serve, that understands our value and broadens our reach.
That is why the remarks from Ponce Bank’s CEO, Carlos Naudon, and CFO, Sergio Vaccaro, in the January 6
Next City
piece,
Wholesale Banks: An Idea Whose Time Has Come Again?
, are so valuable to the ongoing conversation on the FHLBanks.  The article makes the importance of our partnership with our members crystal clear, stating:
By borrowing from its regional Federal Home Loan Bank of New York, Ponce can continue meeting its community’s credit needs while the bank’s deposit base — largely middle-aged blue-collar workers and a growing number of recently-immigrated lower-skilled laborers — catches up over time.
Later in the piece, Mr. Vaccaro drives this point home further:
