0001493152-26-005096.txt : 20260204

0001493152-26-005096.hdr.sgml : 20260204

20260204160558
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-26-005096
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		13
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20260130
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20260204
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20260204

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Global AI, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001473490
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-NONSTORE RETAILERS [5960]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		EIN:				264170100
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-163439
		FILM NUMBER:		26598200

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		110 FRONT STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			JUPITER
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33477
		BUSINESS PHONE:		561-240-0333

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		110 FRONT STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			JUPITER
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33477

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Wall Street Media Co, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130923

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BRIGHT MOUNTAIN HOLDINGS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20121227

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MY CATALOGS ONLINE, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090930





8-K

1

form8-k.htm

8-K









































false


0001473490
















0001473490






2026-01-30


2026-01-30








iso4217:USD






xbrli:shares










iso4217:USD






xbrli:shares














 




 


 


UNITED
STATES


SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION


Washington,
D.C., 20549


 


FORM

8-K


 


CURRENT
REPORT


Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the


Securities
Exchange Act of 1934


 


Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): 
January 30, 2026


 


Global
AI, Inc.


(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)


 






Nevada


 


333-163439


 


26-4170100




(State
                                            or other jurisdiction


of
    incorporation)


 


(Commission


File
    Number)


 


(IRS
                                            Employer


Identification
    No.)




 


110
Front Street
, 
Suite 300
, 
Jupiter
, 
FL
 
33477


(Address
of principal executive offices, including Zip Code)


 


(561)


240-0333


(Registrant’s
telephone number, including area code)


 


N/A


(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report.)


 


Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions


 






☐


Written
    communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)




 


 




☐


Soliciting
    material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)




 


 




☐


Pre-commencement
    communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))




 


 




☐


Pre-commencement
    communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13a-4(c))




 


Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:


 






Title
    of each class


 


Trading
    Symbol(s)


 


Name
    of each exchange on which registered




N/A


 


N/A


 


N/A




 


Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter).


 


Emerging
growth company 
☐


 


If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐


 




 




 




 


 




 


Item
5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of
Certain Officers.


 


On
January 30, 2026, the Board of Directors (the “Board”) of Global AI, Inc. (the “Company”) approved and adopted
the Global Equity Incentive Plan (2026) (the “Plan”). On the same date, the Company’s majority stockholder approved
the Plan.


 


The
Plan provides for the grant of equity-based awards to employees, directors and other service providers of the Company and its affiliates.
A total of 15,000,000 shares of the Company’s common stock has been reserved for issuance under the Plan.


 


The
foregoing description of the Plan is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Plan, which is filed as an exhibit
to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 


 


Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.


 


(d)

Exhibits


 






Exhibit
    No.


 


Description




10.1


 


Global AI, Inc. Global Equity Incentive Plan (2026)




104


 


Cover
    Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).




 




 


 




 


SIGNATURE


 


Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


 


Date:
February 4, 2026


 


GLOBAL
AI, INC.


 






By:


/s/
    Darko Horvat


 




Name:


Darko
    Horvat


 




Title:


Chief
    Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board


 




 




 




 


 


















EX-10.1

2

ex10-1.htm

EX-10.1













 


GLOBAL
AI, Inc.


 


Global
Equity Incentive Plan (2026)


 


1.


Name And Purpose
.


 


1.1
This plan, which has been adopted by the Board of Directors of Global AI, Inc. (the “
Corporation
”), shall be
known as the Global AI, Inc. Global Equity Incentive Plan (2026), as amended from time to time (the “
Plan
”).


 


1.2
The purposes of the Plan are to attract and retain the best available personnel for positions of substantial responsibility, to provide
additional incentive to Service Providers of the Corporation and its Affiliates and subsidiaries, if any, and to promote the Corporation’s
business by providing such individuals with opportunities to receive Awards pursuant to the Plan and to strengthen the sense of common
interest between such individuals and the Corporation’s stockholders.


 


1.3
Awards granted under the Plan to Service Providers in various jurisdictions may be subject to specific terms and conditions for such
grants may be set forth in one or more separate appendix to the Plan, as may be approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation,
and to the extent required by the stockholders of the Corporation, from time to time.


 


2.
Definitions
.


 


2.1

Terms Generally
. Except when otherwise indicated by the context, 
(i)
 the singular shall include the plural and the
plural shall include the singular; 
(ii)
 any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms;

(iii)
 any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring
to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to
any restrictions on such amendments, restatements, supplements or modifications set forth therein or herein), 
(iv)
 references
to any law, constitution, statute, treaty, regulation, rule or ordinance, including any section or other part thereof shall refer to
it as amended from time to time and shall include any successor thereof, 
(v)
 reference to a “corporation” or
“entity” shall include a, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, association, trust, unincorporated organization,
or a government or agency or political subdivision thereof, and reference to a “person” shall mean any of the foregoing or
an individual, 
(vi)
 the words “herein”, “hereof” and “hereunder”, and words of similar
import, shall be construed to refer to this Plan in its entirety, and not to any particular provision hereof, 
(vii)
 all
references herein to Sections shall be construed to refer to Sections to this Plan; 
(viii)
 the words “include”,
“includes” and “including” shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase “without limitation”; and

(ix)
 use of the term “or” is not intended to be exclusive.


 




 


 




 


2.2

Defined Terms
. The following terms shall have the meanings ascribed to them in this Section 2:


 


“
Additional
Rights
” means any distribution of rights, including an issuance of bonus shares and stock dividends (but excluding cash
dividends), in connection with Awards and/or the Shares issued upon exercise or vesting of Awards.


 


“
Administrator
”
means the Board of Directors or a Committee.


 


“
Affiliate
”
means, with respect to any person, any other person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled
by, or is under common control with, such person, including, without limitation, any parent or subsidiary.


 


“
Applicable
Exchange
” means the Nasdaq Stock Market, the New York Stock Exchange or such other exchange or automated trading system
on which the Stock is principally traded at the applicable time.


 


“
Applicable
Law
” means any applicable law, rule, regulation, statute, pronouncement, policy, interpretation, judgment, order or decree
of any federal, provincial, state or local governmental, regulatory or adjudicative authority or agency, of any jurisdiction, and the
rules and regulations of any stock exchange, over-the-counter market or trading system on which the Corporation’s Shares are then
traded or listed.


 


“
Appendix
”
means any appendix to the Plan adopted by the Board of Directors containing country-specific or other special terms relating to Awards
including additional terms with respect to grants of certain types of equity-based Awards.


 


“
Award
”
means a grant of Options, Restricted Stock Units or Stock Appreciation Rights or allotment of Shares (including Restricted Stocks) or
other equity-based awards under the Plan including any Additional Rights thereunder. All Awards shall be confirmed by an Award Agreement,
and subject to the terms and conditions of such Award Agreement.


 


“
Award
Agreement
” means a written or electronic instrument setting forth the terms applicable to a particular Award.


 




 
2
 


 




 


“
Board
of Directors
” or “
Board
” means the board of directors of the Corporation.


 


“
Cause
”
shall, with regard to each specific Participant, have the same meaning ascribed to such term or a similar term as set forth in any agreements
and/or the Participant’s employment agreement or other documents to which the Corporation or any of its parent, subsidiaries and/or
Affiliates and the Participant are a party concerning the provision of services by the Participant to the Corporation or any of its parent,
subsidiaries and/or Affiliates, or, in the absence of such a definition: 
(i)
 the commission of a crime of moral turpitude,
unless the Board determines that such conviction will not adversely affect the Corporation or any of its parent, subsidiaries and/or
Affiliates, or their reputation, or the ability of the Participant’s to serve the Corporation or any of its parent, subsidiaries
and/or Affiliates; 
(ii)
 any act of personal dishonesty by the Participant in connection with the Participant’s responsibilities
to the Corporation or any of its parent, subsidiaries and/or Affiliates, including, but not limited to, theft, embezzlement, or self-dealing,

(iii)
 any material breach (as determined by the Corporation in its sole discretion) by the Participant engagement in competing
activities, any disclosure of confidential information of the Corporation or any of its parent, subsidiaries and/or Affiliates or breach
of any obligation not to violate a restrictive covenant; 
(iv)
 a material breach of the Participant’s employment agreement
or the agreement governing the provision of services by a non-employee Service Provider which are not cured (if curable) within seven
(7) days after receipt of written notice thereof; or 
(v)
 any other circumstances under which severance pay (or part of
them) may be denied from the Participant upon termination of employment under any Applicable Law.


 


“
Change
in Control
” means each of the following events: 
(i)
 a merger (including, a reverse merger and a reverse triangular
merger) or consolidation of the Corporation with or into another corporation resulting in such other corporation being the surviving
entity or the direct or indirect parent of the Corporation or resulting in the Corporation being the surviving entity and there is a
change in the ownership of shares of the Corporation, such that another person or entity owning fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding
voting power of the Corporation’s securities by virtue of the transaction, 
(ii)
 an acquisition of all or a majority
of the shares of the Corporation or a purchase by a stockholder of the Corporation or by an Affiliate of such stockholder, of all the
shares of the Corporation held by all or substantially all other stockholders or by other stockholders who are not Affiliated with such
acquiring party, or 
(iii)
 the sale and/or transfer (including by way an exclusive license) of all or substantially all
of the assets of the Corporation; or 
(iv)
 such other transaction with a similar effect, as shall be determined by the Board.


 


Notwithstanding
the foregoing, no “Change of Control” shall be deemed to have occurred if there is consummated any transaction or series
of integrated transactions immediately following which the record holders of the common stock of the Corporation immediately prior to
such transaction or series of transactions continue to own, directly or indirectly, in the same proportions as their ownership in the
Corporation, an entity that owns all or substantially all of the assets or voting securities of the Corporation immediately following
such transaction or series of transactions.


 


Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if an Award is considered deferred compensation subject to the provisions of Code Section 409A, and if a payment under
such Award is triggered upon a “Change of Control,” then the foregoing definition shall be deemed amended as necessary to
comply with Code Section 409A.


 




 
3
 


 




 


“
Code
”
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Reference to a specific section of the Code or regulation thereunder shall include
such section or regulation, any valid regulation promulgated under such section, and any comparable provision of any future legislation
or regulation amending, supplementing or superseding such section or regulation.


 


“
Committee
”
means a compensation committee or other committee as may be appointed and maintained by the Board of Directors, in its discretion, to
administer the Plan, to the extent permissible under Applicable Law, as amended from time to time.


 


“
Consideration
”
means with respect to outstanding Awards, the right to receive, for each Share subject to the Award immediately prior to the Change in
Control, the consideration (whether shares, cash, or other securities or property) received in the Change in Control by holders of Shares
of the Corporation for each Share held on the effective date of the Change in Control (and if holders were offered a choice of consideration,
the type of consideration determined by the Administrator, at its sole discretion); 
provided, however
, that if the consideration
received in the Change in Control is not solely Shares (or the equivalent), the Administrator may provide for the per Share consideration
to be received for an outstanding Award to be solely Shares or other type of awards (or the equivalent) of the successor corporation
or its direct or indirect parent equal in fair market value to the per Share consideration received by holders of Shares in the Change
in Control, all as determined by the Administrator.


 


“
Consultant
”
means any entity or individual who (either directly or, in the case of an individual, through his or her employer) is an advisor or consultant
to the Corporation or its subsidiary or Affiliate.


 


“
Corporate
Charter
” means the Articles of Association or Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation or any similar document,
and any subsequent amendments or replacements thereto.


 


“
Disability
”
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term or a similar term in the Participant’s employment agreement (where applicable), or
in the absence of such a definition, the inability of the Participant, in the opinion of a qualified physician acceptable to the Corporation,
to perform the major duties of the Participant’s position with the Corporation because of the sickness or injury of the Participant
for a consecutive period of 180 days.


 


“
Exchange
Act
” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.


 




 
4
 


 




 


“
Fair
Market Value
” means a price that is based on the opening, closing, actual, high or low sale price, or the arithmetic mean
of selling prices of, a Share, on the Applicable Exchange on the applicable date, the preceding trading day, the next succeeding trading
day, or the arithmetic mean of selling prices on all trading days over a specified averaging period weighted by volume of trading on
each trading day in the period that is within 30 days before or 30 days after the applicable date, as determined by the Administrator
in its discretion; provided that, if an arithmetic mean of prices is used to set a grant price or an exercise price for an Option or
Stock Appreciation Right, the commitment to grant the applicable Award based on such arithmetic mean must be irrevocable before the beginning
of the specified averaging period in accordance with Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(5)(iv)(A). The method of determining Fair Market
Value with respect to an Award shall be determined by the Administrator and may differ depending on whether Fair Market Value is in reference
to the grant, exercise, vesting, settlement, or payout of an Award; provided that, if the Administrator does not specify a different
method, the Fair Market Value of a Share as of a given date shall be the closing sale price as of the trading day immediately preceding
the date as of which Fair Market Value is to be determined or, if there shall be no such sale on such date, the next preceding day on
which such a sale shall have occurred. If the Stock is not traded on an established stock exchange, the Administrator shall determine
in good faith the Fair Market Value in whatever manner it considers appropriate but based on objective criteria. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, in the case of the sale of Shares on the Applicable Exchange, the actual sale price shall be the Fair Market Value of such
Shares, as of any date, the value of Shares.


 


“
Incentive
Stock Option
” means an Option which is designated in the applicable Award Agreement as an Incentive Stock Option and is
intended to and qualifies as an Incentive Stock Option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code and the regulations promulgated
thereunder.


 


“
Insider
”
means an officer or a director of the Corporation or any other person whose transactions in Shares are subject to Section 16 of the Exchange
Act.


 


“
IPO
”
means an initial offering of the Corporation’s Shares to the public in an underwritten offering under an applicable registration
statement.


 


“
Liquidation
”
means the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary.


 


“
Non-statutory
Stock Option
” means, with respect to any Participant under this Appendix, an Option that is not intended to qualify as
an Incentive Stock Option or that does not qualify as an Incentive Stock Option.


 


“
Options
”
means options to purchase Shares awarded under the Plan subject to the terms and conditions of Section 9.


 


“
Parent
”
means “
Parent
” means any corporation that is a “parent corporation” of the Corporation, as defined
in Section 424(e) of the Code.


 


“
Participant
”
means a recipient of an Award hereunder who executes an Award Agreement.


 




 
5
 


 




 


“
Restricted
Stocks
” means an Award of Shares under this Plan that is subject to the terms and conditions of Section 7.


 


“
Restricted
Stock Units
” means an Award entitling a Participant to receive Shares under this Plan that is subject to the terms and
conditions of Section 8.


 


“
Securities
Act
” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.


 


“
Service
Provider
” means an employee, director, office holder or Consultant of the Corporation or its parent or subsidiary or Affiliate.


 


“
Shares
”
means shares of common stocks of the Corporation, nominal value US$ 0.001 per share (as adjusted for share split, reverse share split,
bonus shares, combination or other recapitalization events), or shares of such other class of shares of the Corporation as shall be designated
by the Board in respect of the relevant Award(s). Shares include any securities, property or rights issued or distributed with respect
thereto.


 


“
Stock
Appreciation Right
” or “
SAR
” means the right to receive a cash payment, and/or Shares with a
Fair Market Value, equal to the appreciation of the Fair Market Value of a Share during a specified period of time.


 


“
Subsidiary
”
means any corporation, which now exists or is hereafter organized or acquired by the Corporation that is a “subsidiary corporation”
of the Corporation, as defined in Section 424(f) of the Code.


 


“
Ten
Percent Stockholder
” shall mean an individual who, at the time an Award is granted, owns Shares possessing more than 10%
of the total combined voting power of all classes of Shares of the Corporation, its Parent or its Subsidiaries.


 


3.

Administration of the Plan
.


 


3.1
The Plan will be administered by the Administrator. If the Administrator is a Committee, such Committee will consist of such number of
members of the Board of Directors of the Corporation (not less than two in number), as may be determined from time to time by the Board
of Directors. The Board of Directors shall appoint such members of the Committee, may from time to time remove members from, or add members
to, the Committee, and shall fill vacancies in the Committee however caused.


 


3.2
The Committee, if appointed, shall select one of its members as its Chairman and shall hold its meetings at such times and places as
it shall determine. Actions at a meeting of the Committee at which a majority of its members are present or acts approved in writing
by all members of the Committee shall be the valid acts of the Committee. The Committee may appoint a secretary, who shall keep records
of its meetings and shall make such rules and regulations for the conduct of its business and the implementation of the Plan, as it shall
deem advisable, subject to the directives of the Board of Directors and in accordance with Applicable Law.


 




 
6
 


 




 


3.3
Subject to the general terms and conditions of the Plan, and in particular Section 3.4 below, the Administrator shall have full authority
in its discretion, from time to time and at any time, to determine 
(i)
 eligible Participants, 
(ii)
 grants
of Awards, including the number of Options, Shares, Restricted Stock Units or other equity based awards to be covered by each Award,

(iii)
 the time or times at which the Award shall be granted, 
(iv)
 the vesting schedule and other terms and
conditions applying to Awards, including acceleration provisions, 
(v)
 the form(s) of written agreements applying to Awards,

(vi)
 to accelerate, continue, extend or defer the exercisability of any Award or the vesting thereof, including with respect
to the period following a Participant’s termination of employment or other service, 
(vii) 
the interpretation of this
Plan and any Award Agreement and the meaning, interpretation and applicability of terms referred to in Applicable Law, 
(viii)

the Fair Market Value of the Shares or other securities, property or rights, 
(ix)
 the authorization and approval of conversion,
substitution, cancellation or suspension under and in accordance with this Plan of any or all Awards or Shares, 
(x) 
the
amendment, modification, waiver or supplement of the terms of each outstanding Award, unless otherwise provided under the terms of this
Plan, 
(xi)
 to correct any defect, supply any omission or reconcile any inconsistency in this Plan or any Award Agreement
and all other determinations and take such other actions with respect to this Plan or any Award as it may deem advisable (to the extent
not inconsistent with the provisions of this Plan or Applicable Law), and 
(xii)
 any other matter which is necessary or
desirable for, or incidental to, the administration of the Plan and the granting of Awards. The Board of Directors may, in its sole discretion,
delegate some or all of the powers listed above to the Committee, to the extent permitted by the Applicable Law, the Corporation’s
corporate documents or other Applicable Law.


 


3.4
No member of the Board of Directors or of the Committee shall be liable for any action or determination made in good faith with respect
to the Plan or any Award granted hereunder. Subject to the Corporation’s decision and to all approvals legally required, each member
of the Board of Directors or the Committee shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Corporation against any cost or expense (including
counsel fees) reasonably incurred by him or her, or any liability (including any sum paid in settlement of a claim with the approval
of the Corporation) arising out of any act or omission to act in connection with the Plan unless arising out of such member’s own
willful misconduct or bad faith, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law. Such indemnification shall be in addition to any
rights of indemnification the member may have as a director or otherwise under the Corporation’s corporate documents, any agreement,
any vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, insurance policy or otherwise.


 


3.5
The interpretation and construction by the Administrator of any provision of the Plan or of any Award hereunder shall be final and conclusive.
In the event that the Board appoints a Committee, the interpretation and construction by the Committee of any provision of the Plan or
of any Award hereunder shall be conclusive unless otherwise determined by the Board of Directors. To avoid doubt, the Board of Directors
may at any time exercise any powers of the Administrator, notwithstanding the fact that a Committee has been appointed.


 




 
7
 


 




 


3.6

The Administrator shall have the authority to adopt, alter and repeal such administrative rules, guidelines
and practices governing the Plan and perform all acts, including the 
delegation 
of its responsibilities
(to the extent permitted by Applicable Law and applicable stock exchange rules), as it shall, from time to time, deem advisable; to construe
and interpret the terms and provisions of the Plan and any Award issued under the Plan (and any agreements relating thereto); and to
otherwise supervise the administration of the Plan. The Administrator may correct any defect, supply any omission or reconcile any inconsistency
in the Plan or in any agreement relating thereto in the manner and to the extent it shall deem necessary to effectuate the purpose and
intent of the Plan, as further detailed in Section 14.2 below.


 


3.7
Without 
limiting 
the
generality of the foregoing and subject to any Applicable Law, the Administrator may adopt special appendices and/or guidelines and provisions
for persons who are residing in or employed in, or subject to, the taxes of, any domestic or foreign jurisdictions, to comply with Applicable
Laws, regulations, or accounting, listing or other rules with respect to such domestic or foreign jurisdictions.


 


3.8
To the extent desirable to qualify transactions hereunder as exempt under Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act, the transactions contemplated
hereunder will be structured to satisfy the requirements for exemption under Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act.


 


4. 
Eligible
Participants
.


 


4.1
No Award may be granted pursuant to the Plan to any person serving as a member of the Committee or to any other director or officer of
the Corporation at the time of the grant, unless such grant is approved in the manner prescribed for the approval of compensation of
directors and office holders under the Applicable Law.


 


4.2
Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to persons who are employees and may not be granted to directors or to consultants or service
providers who are not employees. In the event of a Participant ceasing to be a U.S. Employee, an Incentive Stock Option held by the Participant
shall cease to be treated as an Incentive Stock Option and shall be treated for tax purposes as a Non-statutory Stock Option three (3)
months and one (1) day following such change of status.


 


4.3
Subject to the limitation set forth in Section 4.1  above and any restriction imposed by Applicable Law, Awards may be granted to
any Service Provider of the Corporation or its Affiliates. The grant of an Award to a Participant hereunder shall neither entitle
such Participant to receive an additional Award or participate in other incentive plans of the Corporation, nor disqualify such
Participant from receiving an additional Award or participating in other incentive plans of the Corporation. Awards may differ in
number of Shares covered thereby, the terms and conditions applying to them or on the Participant or in any other respect as
determined by the Administrator.


 




 
8
 


 




 


5.

Reserved Shares.


 


5.1

Plan Reserve
. Subject to adjustment as provided in Section 12, an aggregate of 15,000,000 Shares are reserved for issuance under
this Plan, all of which may be issued pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options. The Shares reserved for issuance may be either
authorized and unissued Shares or Shares reacquired at any time and now or hereafter held as treasury stock. The aggregate number of
Shares reserved under this Section 5.1 shall be depleted on the date of grant of an Award by the maximum number of Shares, if any, that
may be issuable under an Award as determined at the time of grant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Award that may be settled solely
in cash shall not cause any depletion of the Plan’s Share reserve at the time such Award is granted.


 


5.2

Replenishment of Shares Under this Plan
. To the extent (i) an Award lapses, expires, terminates or is cancelled without the issuance
of Shares under the Award (whether due currently or on a deferred basis) or is settled in cash, (ii) it is determined during or at the
conclusion of the term of an Award that all or some portion of the Shares with respect to which the Award was granted will not be issuable
on the basis that the conditions for such issuance will not be satisfied, (iii) Shares are forfeited under an Award (except as described
below), (iv) Shares are issued under any Award and the Corporation subsequently reacquires them pursuant to rights reserved upon the
issuance of the Shares, or (v) Shares are tendered or withheld in payment of the exercise price of an Option or as a result of the net
settlement of an outstanding Stock Appreciation Right or (vi) Shares are tendered or withheld to satisfy federal, state or local tax
withholding obligations, then such Shares shall be recredited to the Plan’s reserve and may again be used for new Awards under
this Plan, but Shares recredited to the Plan’s reserve pursuant to clause (iv), (v) or (vi) may not be issued pursuant to Incentive
Stock Options.


 


6.
Award Agreement.


 


6.1
The Board of Directors in its discretion may award to Participants Awards available under the Plan. Each Award granted pursuant to this
Plan shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement which will be set forth the terms of the Award. The Award Agreement shall comply with and
be subject to the following general terms and conditions and the provisions of this Plan, unless otherwise specifically provided in such
Award Agreement or terms prescribed by Applicable Law. Award Agreements need not be in the same form and may differ in the terms and
conditions included therein.


 






 
9
 


 




 


6.2
The date of grant of each Award shall be the date specified by the Board of Directors at the time such award is made, or in the absence
of such specification, the date of approval of the Award by the Board of Directors.


 


6.3
The Award Agreement shall state, 
inter alia
, the number of Options or Shares, Restricted Stocks, Restricted Stock Units, or any
applicable equity-based units covered thereby, the type of Option or Share-based or other grant awarded, the vesting schedule, the exercise
price, if applicable and any special terms applying to such Award (if any), including the terms of any country-specific or other applicable
Appendix, as determined by the Board of Directors.


 


6.4
A Participant shall not have any rights with respect to such Award, unless and until such Participant has delivered a fully executed
copy of the Award Agreement evidencing the Award to the Corporation and has otherwise complied with the applicable terms and conditions
of such Award.


 


7.

Restricted Stocks
.


 


7.1

Eligibility.
 Restricted Stocks may be issued to all Participants at any time, either alone or in addition to other Awards granted
under the Plan. The Administrator shall determine the eligible Participants to whom, and the time or times at which, grants of Restricted
Stocks will be made, the number of Shares to be awarded, the purchase price (if any) to be paid by the Participant (subject to Section
7.2), the time or times at which such Awards may be subject to forfeiture (if any), the vesting schedule (if any) and rights to acceleration
thereof, and all other terms and conditions of the Awards as shall be set forth in the Award Agreement. The Administrator may condition
the grant or vesting of Restricted Stocks upon the attainment of specified performance targets or such other factors as the Administrator
may determine, in its sole discretion. Unless otherwise determined by the Administrator, the Participant shall not be permitted to sell,
assign, transfer, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of, except by will or the laws of descent and distribution (in which case
the transfer shall be subject to all restrictions then or thereafter applicable thereto) Restricted Stocks awarded and/or any Additional
Rights thereunder under this Plan during a period set by the Administrator (if any) (the “
Restriction Period
”)
commencing with the date of such Award, as set forth in the applicable Award Agreement.


 


7.2

Terms
. The purchase price of Restricted Stocks shall be determined by the Administrator but shall not be less than as permitted
under Applicable Law. Awards of Restricted Stocks must be accepted by executing an Award Agreement and by paying whatever price (if any)
the Administrator has designated thereunder.


 


7.3

Legend
. Each Participant receiving Restricted Stocks shall be issued a stock certificate in respect of such Restricted Stocks,
unless the Administrator elects to use another system, such as book entries by the transfer agent, as evidencing ownership of Restricted
Stocks. Such certificate shall be registered in the name of such Participant, and shall bear an appropriate legend referring to the terms,
conditions, and restrictions applicable to such Award.


 


7.4 
Custody
.
The Administrator may require that any share certificates evidencing such shares and/or Additional Rights be held in custody by the
Corporation or any third party determined by the Corporation, until the restrictions thereon shall have lapsed, and that, as a
condition of any Restricted Stocks Award, the Participant shall have delivered a duly signed share transfer deed, endorsed in blank,
relating to the Shares covered by such Award.


 




 
10
 


 




 


7.5 
Rights
as Stockholder
. Except as provided in this Section and Sections 7.3 and 7.4  above and as otherwise determined by the
Administrator and set forth in the Award Agreement, the Participant shall have, with respect to the Restricted Stocks and/or, all of
the rights of a holder of Shares including, without limitation, the right to receive any dividends, the right to vote such shares
and, subject to and conditioned upon the full vesting of Restricted Stocks, the right to tender such shares.


 


7.6

Lapse of Restrictions
. If and when the Restriction Period expires without a prior forfeiture of the Restricted Stocks subject
to such Restriction Period, the certificates for such shares shall be delivered to the Participant. All legends shall be removed from
said certificates at the time of delivery to the Participant except as otherwise required by Applicable Law. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
actual certificates shall not be issued to the extent that book entry recordkeeping is used.


 


8.
Restricted Stock Units and Other Equity-Based Awards
.


 


8.1

Eligibility
. Restricted Stock Units may be granted to all Participants at any time and from time to time as determined by the
Administrator, either alone or in addition to other Awards granted under the Plan. The Administrator shall determine the eligible Participants
to whom, and the time or times at which, grants of Restricted Stock Units will be made, the number of Restricted Stock Units to be awarded,
the number of Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units, the vesting schedule and rights to acceleration thereof, and all other terms
and conditions of the Awards as shall be set forth in the Award Agreement. The Administrator may condition the grant or vesting of Restricted
Stock Units upon the attainment of specified performance targets or such other factors as the Administrator may determine, in its sole
discretion.


 


8.2

Vesting of Restricted Stock Units
. Shares shall be issued to or for the benefit of Participant promptly following each vesting
date determined by the Administrator, provided that Participant is still a Service Provider on the applicable vesting date. After each
such vesting date, and subject to Section 18, the Corporation shall promptly cause to be issued for the benefit of Participant Shares
with respect to Restricted Stock Units that became vested on such vesting date. It is clarified that no Stocks shall be issued pursuant
to the Restricted Stock Units to Participant until the vesting criteria determined by the Administrator is met.


 


8.3

Terms
. Prior to the actual issuance of any Shares, each Restricted Stock Unit will represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation
of the Corporation, payable only from the general assets of the Corporation.


  




 
11
 


 




 




8.4

Rights as Stockholder
. A Participant holding Restricted Stock Units shall not be, nor have any of the rights or privileges of,
a stockholder of the Corporation in respect of any Shares issuable upon the vesting of any part of the Restricted Stock Units unless
and until such Shares shall have been issued by the Corporation to such Participant (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books
of the Corporation or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Corporation). No adjustment will be made for a dividend or other right
for which the record date is prior to the date the Shares are issued, unless otherwise provided herein.


 


8.5

Custody
. The Administrator may require that any Restricted Stock Unit and/or Additional Rights thereunder be held in custody by
the Corporation or any third party determined by the Corporation until the lapse of the vesting period thereof and the issuance of Shares.


 


8.6

Other Equity-Based Awards
. Other equity-based awards (including, without limitation, performance share awards) may be granted
either alone or in addition to or other Awards granted under the Plan to all eligible Participants pursuant to such terms and conditions
as the Administrator may determine, including without limitation, in one or more appendix adopted by the Administrator and appended to
this Plan.


 


9.
Options
.


 


9.1

Eligibility.
 Options may be issued to all Participants at any time, either alone or in addition to other Awards granted under
the Plan. The Administrator shall determine the eligible Participants to whom, and the time or times at which, grants of Options will
be made, the number of shares to be subject to the Options, the exercise price to be paid by the Participant (subject to Section 9.2),
the vesting schedule and rights to acceleration thereof, and all other terms and conditions of the Awards as shall be set forth in the
Award Agreement. The Administrator may condition the grant or vesting of Options upon the attainment of specified performance targets
or such other factors as the Administrator may determine, in its sole discretion. Unless otherwise determined by the Administrator, the
Participant shall not be permitted to sell, assign, transfer, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of, except by will or the laws
of descent and distribution (in which case the transfer shall be subject to all restrictions then or thereafter applicable thereto) Options
awarded under this Plan.


 


9.2

Vesting.
 Options shall be exercisable pursuant to the terms of the Award Agreement and subject to the terms and conditions of
the Plan and any applicable Appendix, as specified in the Award Agreement. The Administrator shall have the authority to determine the
vesting schedule and accelerate the vesting of any outstanding Award at such time and under such circumstances as it, in its sole discretion,
deems appropriate. Unless otherwise resolved by the Administrator and stated in the Award Agreement, and subject to Section 11 hereof,
Options shall vest and become exercisable under the following schedule: twenty-five percent (25%) of the Shares covered by the Options,
on the first anniversary of the vesting commencement date determined by the Administrator (and in the absence of such determination,
of date on which such Options were granted), and six and one-quarter percent (6.25%) of the Shares covered by the Options at the end
of each subsequent three-month period thereafter over the course of the following three (3) years; provided that the Participant remains
continuously as a Service Provider of the Corporation or its Affiliates throughout such vesting dates. The Administrator may condition
the vesting of Options upon the attainment of specified performance targets or such other factors as the Administrator may determine,
in its sole discretion.


 




 
12
 


 




 


9.3

Exercise Price. 
The per share exercise price for the Shares to be issued upon exercise of an Option shall be such price as is
determined by the Administrator, but shall be subject to the following terms:


 


9.3.1.The
Exercise Price of an Incentive Stock Option shall be not less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value of a Share at
the time of grant of such Option; 
provided, however
, that if at the time of grant of such Option, the Participant (together with
persons whose share ownership is attributed to the Participant pursuant to Section 424(d) of the Code) is a Ten Percent Holder, the Exercise
Price shall be not less than one hundred and ten percent (110%) of the Fair Market Value of a Share at the time of grant of such Option.


 


9.3.2.
In the case of a Non-statutory Stock Option, the per Share Exercise Price shall be no less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair
Market Value per Share on the date of grant, or if granted to a person who at the time of grant is a Ten Percent Holder, the per Share
Exercise Price shall be no less than 110% of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant if required by the Applicable Laws.


 


9.3.3.Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Options may be granted with a per Share Exercise Price other than as required above in accordance with and pursuant to
a transaction described in Section 424 of the Code.


 


9.4

Manner of Exercise.
 An Option, or any part thereof, shall be exercisable by the Participant’s signing and returning to the
Corporation at its principal office, a “Notice of Exercise” in such form and substance as may be prescribed by the Board
of Directors from time to time, together with full payment for the Shares underlying such Option, and the execution and delivery of any
other document required pursuant to the applicable Award Agreement.


 


9.5
Each payment for Shares under an Option shall be in respect of a whole number of Shares, shall be affected in 
(i)
 cash,
or 
(ii)
 by check payable to the order of the Corporation, or 
(iii)
 if the Corporation’s shares are
listed for trading on any securities exchange or over-the-counter market, and if the Administrator so determines, all or part of the
exercise price and any withholding taxes may be paid by the delivery (on a form prescribed by the Corporation) of an irrevocable direction
to a securities broker approved by the Corporation to sell Shares and to deliver all or part of the sales proceeds to the Corporation
or the Trustee, or 
(iv)
 if the Corporation’s shares are listed for trading on any securities exchange or over-the-counter
market, and if the Administrator so determines, all or part of the exercise price and any withholding taxes may be paid by the delivery
(on a form prescribed by the Corporation) of an irrevocable direction to pledge Shares to a securities broker or lender approved by the
Corporation, as security for a loan, and to deliver all or part of the loan proceeds to the Corporation, or 
(v) 
such other
method of payment acceptable to the Corporation as determined by the Administrator, and shall be accompanied by a notice stating the
number of Shares being paid for thereby.


 




 
13
 


 




 


9.6

Incentive Stock Option Limit. 
Each Option shall be designated in the Award Agreement as either an Incentive Stock Option or a
Non-statutory Stock Option. However, notwithstanding such designation, to the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value of the Shares
with respect to which Incentive Stock Options are exercisable for the first time by the Participant during any calendar year (under all
plans of the Corporation and any Parent or Subsidiary) exceeds one hundred thousand dollars ($100,000), such Options shall be treated
as Non-statutory Stock Options. For purposes of this Section, Incentive Stock Options shall be taken into account in the order in which
they were granted. The Fair Market Value of the Shares shall be determined as of the time the Option with respect to such Shares is granted.


 


9.7

Rights as Stockholder.
 Until the Shares are issued (as evidenced by the appropriate entry in the share register of the Corporation
or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Corporation) a Participant shall have no right to vote or right to receive dividends or
any other rights as a stockholder shall exist with respect to such Shares, notwithstanding the exercise of the Option. Subject to Section
18, The Corporation shall issue (or cause to be issued) such Shares promptly after the Option is exercised. No adjustment will be made
for a dividend or other right for which the record date is prior to the date the Shares are issued, except as provided in Section 12 of
the Plan. No Shares shall be issued until payment has been made or provided for, as provided herein.


 


9.8

Restrictions.
 The Administrator may designate certain periods, at its reasonable discretion, with respect to all or certain groups
of Participants and/or with respect to certain types of Awards, during which the vesting and/or exercise of Options and/or sale of Shares
thereunder shall be restricted or prohibited, including without limitation, in order to comply with Applicable Laws in any relevant jurisdiction
and/or rules of any exchange on which the Corporation’s shares are traded. During such blackout periods, Participants will not
be able to exercise the Options and/or receive and/or sell the Shares held by or on behalf of the Participants and the Corporation shall
not bear any liability to Participants for any claim, loss or liability that may result from such restrictions.


 


9.9

Custody
. The Administrator may require that any Option and any Share issued thereunder, and any Additional Rights be held in custody
by the Corporation or any third party determined by the Corporation.


 




 
14
 


 




 


9.10
The Corporation may require that each notice of exercise shall, unless the Shares are covered by a then current registration statement
under the Securities Act, contain the holder’s acknowledgment in form and substance satisfactory to the Corporation that (i) such
shares are being purchased for investment and not for distribution or resale (other than a distribution or resale which, in the opinion
of counsel satisfactory to the Corporation, may be made without violating the registration provisions of the Securities Act), (ii) the
holder has been advised and understands that (1) the shares have not been registered under the Securities Act and are “restricted
securities” within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act and are subject to restrictions on transfer and (2) the Corporation
is under no obligation to register the shares under the Securities Act or to take any action which would make available to the holder
any exemption from such registration, and (iii) such shares may not be transferred without compliance with all applicable federal and
state securities laws.


 
 


10.
Stock Appreciation Rights.


 


10.1
Subject to the terms of this Plan, the Administrator will determine all terms and conditions of each SAR, including but not limited to:
(a) whether the SAR is granted independently of an Option or relates to an Option; (b) the grant date, which may not be any day prior
to the date that the Administrator approves the grant; (c) the number of Shares to which the SAR relates; (d) the grant price, which
may never be less than the Fair Market Value of the Shares subject to the SAR as determined on the date of grant; (e) the terms and conditions
of exercise or maturity, including vesting; (f) the term, provided that an SAR must terminate no later than ten (10) years after the
date of grant; and (g) whether the SAR will be settled in cash, Shares or a combination thereof


 


11.
Termination of Relationship as Service Provider
.


 


11.1

Effect of Termination; Exercise after Termination
. Any unvested Awards as of the Date of Termination shall terminate effective
as of the Date of Termination, and the Shares covered by the unvested portion of the Award shall revert to the Plan. Unless otherwise
determined by the Administrator, if a Participant ceases to be a Service Provider, such Participant may exercise its outstanding Options
within such period of time as is specified in the Award Agreement or the Plan to the extent that the Options are vested on the Date of
Termination (but in no event later than the expiration of the term of the Option as set forth in the Award Agreement). If, after termination,
the Participant does not exercise the vested Options within the time specified in the Award Agreement or the Plan, the Option shall terminate,
and the Shares covered by such Option shall revert to the Plan. In the absence of a provision specifying otherwise in the relevant Award
Agreement or unless otherwise resolved by the Administrator, then:


 


(a) 
In
the event that the Participant ceases to be a Service Provider for any reason other than termination for Cause, or as a result of
Participant’s death or Disability, then the vested Options shall remain exercisable until the earlier of 
(i)
 a
period of three (3) months from the Date of Termination; or 
(ii)
 expiration of the term of the Option as set forth in
Section 15.


 




 
15
 


 




 


(b)
In the event that the Participant ceases to be a Service Provider as a result of Participant’s Disability or death, then the vested
Options shall remain exercisable until the earlier of: 
(i)
 a period of twelve (12) months from the Date of Termination;
or 
(ii)
 expiration of the term of the Option as set forth in Section 15.


 


(c)In
the event that the Participant ceases to be a Service Provider for Cause, then all Options will terminate immediately upon the date of
such termination for Cause, such that the unvested portion of the Awards will not vest, and the vested portion of the Awards will no
longer be exercisable (if applicable), unless otherwise determined by the Administrator. In addition, any Shares issued upon exercise
or (if applicable) vesting of Awards including any Additional Rights thereunder, whether held by the Participant or in custody for the
Participant’s benefit, shall be deemed to be irrevocably offered for sale to the Corporation, any of its Affiliates or any person
designated by the Corporation to purchase, at the Corporation’s election and subject to Applicable Law, either for no consideration,
for the par value of such Shares or against payment of the exercise price paid with respect to such Shares upon their issuance, as the
Administrator deems fit, upon written notice to the Participant at any time after the Participant’s termination of employment or
service. Such Shares or other securities shall be sold and transferred within 30 days from the date of the Corporation’s notice
of its election to exercise its right. If the Participant fails to transfer such Shares or other securities to the Corporation, the Corporation
shall be entitled to forfeit or repurchase such Shares and to authorize any person to execute on behalf of the Participant any document
necessary to effect such transfer, whether or not the share certificates are surrendered and take any other action necessary in order
to achieve such results, all as shall be determined by the Administrator, at its sole and absolute discretion, and the Participant is
deemed to irrevocably empower the Corporation or any person which may be designated by it to take any action by, in the name of or on
behalf of the Participant to comply with and give effect to such actions.


 


(d)
All Restricted Stocks still subject to restriction under the applicable Restriction Period as of the Date of Termination, as set forth
in the Award Agreement, shall be forfeited or otherwise subject to repurchase by the Corporation as of the Date of Termination in consideration
for the par-value or the purchase price of such Shares, as applicable, notwithstanding the circumstances of such termination of engagement.


 


(e)
All Restricted Stock Units shall cease vesting immediately upon the Date of Termination, and the unvested Restricted Stock Units awarded
to the Participant shall be forfeited, notwithstanding the circumstances of such termination of engagement.


 


(f)
Any Incentive Stock Option that is not exercised within ninety (90) days following termination of the Participant’s employment
by the Corporation or any of its Parents or Subsidiaries, or within twelve (12) months in case of termination of Participant’s
employment by the Corporation or any of its Parents or Subsidiaries due to a disability (within the meaning of section 22(e)(3) of the
Code), shall be treated for tax purposes as a Non-statutory Stock Option.


 






 
16
 


 




 


11.2

Date of Termination
. For purposes of the Plan and any Award or Award Agreement, and unless otherwise set forth in the relevant
Award Agreement, the “
Date of Termination
” (whether for Cause or otherwise) shall be the effective date of
termination of the Participant’s employment or engagement as a Service Provider. For purposes of Incentive Stock Options, no leave
of absence may exceed ninety (90) days, unless reemployment upon expiration of such leave is guaranteed by statute or contract. If reemployment
upon expiration of a leave of absence approved by the Corporation is not so guaranteed, then three (3) months following the ninety-first
(91
st
) day of such leave, any Incentive Stock Option held by the Participant shall cease to be treated as an Incentive Stock
Option and shall be treated for tax purposes as a Non-statutory Stock Option.


 


11.3

Leave of Absence
. Unless the Administrator provides otherwise, vesting of Awards granted hereunder shall be suspended during any
unpaid leave of absence (except, for the avoidance of doubt, periods of legally protected leave of absence pursuant to Applicable Law).


 


11.4

Change of Status
. A Service Provider shall not cease to be considered as such in the case of any 
(i)
 leave of absence
either approved by the Corporation or its Affiliates, provided that such leave of absence was approved by entity for which the Service
Provider is engaged with, or pursuant to Applicable Law, or 
(ii)
 transfers between locations of the Corporation and/or
its Affiliates or between the Corporation, and its parent, subsidiary, Affiliate, or any successor thereof; or 
(iii)
 changes
in status (employee to director, employee to consultant, etc.), although such change may affect the specific terms applying to the Service
Provider’s Award, provided, in case of the foregoing clauses (ii) and (iii) above, that the Participant has remained continuously
employed by and/or in the service of the Corporation and its Affiliates since the date of grant of the Award and throughout the vesting
period.


 


11.5

Extension of Exercise Period. 
The Administrator may, on such terms and conditions as it may determine appropriate, extend the
periods for which Awards held by any Participant may continue to vest and be exercisable; it being clarified that such Awards may lose
their entitlement to certain tax benefits under Applicable Law as a result of such modification.


 






 
17
 


 




 


12.
Adjustments
.


 


Upon
the occurrence of any of the following described events, a Participant’s rights to purchase Shares under the Plan shall be adjusted
as hereinafter provided:
 


 


12.1

Changes in Capitalization
. Subject to any required action by the stockholders of the Corporation, the number of Shares covered
by each outstanding Award, and the number of Shares which have been authorized for issuance under the Plan but as to which no Award have
yet been granted or which have been returned to the Plan upon cancellation or expiration of an Award, as well as the price per Share
covered by each outstanding Award, shall be proportionately adjusted for any increase or decrease in the number of issued Shares resulting
from a share split, reverse share split, combination or reclassification of the Shares, or any other increase or decrease in the number
of issued Shares effected without receipt of consideration by the Corporation. For such purpose, the conversion of any convertible securities
of the Corporation shall not be deemed to have been “effected without receipt of consideration.” Such adjustment shall be
made by the Board of Directors at its sole discretion, whose determination in that respect shall be final, binding and conclusive. Except
as expressly provided herein, no issuance by the Corporation of shares of any class, or securities convertible into shares of any class,
shall affect, and no adjustment by reason thereof shall be made with respect to, the number or price of Shares subject to an Award.


 


1
2.2

Change in Controls
. In the event of a Change in Control, the outstanding (including the unexercised, vested, unvested or restricted)
portion of each outstanding Award shall be assumed or substituted with an equivalent Award or the right to receive Consideration by the
acquiring or successor corporation or an affiliate thereof, as shall be determined by such entity, subject to the terms hereof. In the
event that the successor corporation or any affiliate thereof does not provide for such an assumption, and/or substitution of outstanding
Awards and/or the provision of Consideration for outstanding Awards (or any portion of outstanding Awards thereof), then unless determined
otherwise with respect to a specific outstanding Award, the Administrator shall have sole and absolute discretion to determine the effect
of the Change in Control on the portion of Awards outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Change in Control, which
may include any one or more of the following, whether in a manner equitable or not among individual Participants or groups of Participants:

(i)
 that all or a portion of the outstanding Awards shall become exercisable in full on a date no later than ten (10) business
days prior to the date of consummation of the Change in Control, or on another date and/or dates or at an event and/or events as the
Administrator shall determine at its sole and absolute discretion, provided that unless otherwise determined by the Administrator, the
exercise and/or vesting of all Awards that otherwise would not have been exercisable and/or vested in the absence of a Change in Control,
shall be contingent upon the actual consummation of the Change in Control and that any or all such Awards that are not exercised at least
two (2) business days prior to the consummation of the Change in Control shall be cancelled upon or immediately prior to the closing
of the Change in Control; and/or 
(ii)
 that all or a portion or certain categories of the outstanding Awards shall be cancelled
upon the actual consummation of the Change in Control, and instead the holders thereof will receive Consideration, or no consideration,
in the amount and under the terms determined by the Administrator at it sole and absolute discretion; and/or 
(iii)
 that
an adjustment or interpretation of the terms of the Awards shall be made in order to facilitate the Change in Control and/or otherwise
as required in context of the Change in Control.


 




 
18
 


 




 


12.3
In the event that the Board approves a Change in Control effected by way of a forced or compulsory sale then, without derogating from
such provisions and in addition thereto, the Participant shall be obligated, and shall be deemed to have agreed to the offer to effect
the Change in Control on the terms approved by the Board, and shall sell all of the Shares held by the Participant on the terms and conditions
applying to the holders of Shares, in accordance with the instructions then issued by the Board. No Participant shall contest, bring
any claims or demands, or exercise any appraisal rights related to any of the foregoing. Each Participant shall execute (and authorizes
any person designated by the Corporation to so execute) such documents and agreements, as may be requested by the Corporation for the
purpose of implementing this Section.


 


12.4
Except to the extent the Participant has in effect an employment or similar agreement with the Corporation or any Affiliate or is subject
to a policy that provides for a more favorable result to the Participant upon a Change of Control, in the event that the Corporation’s
legal counsel or accounting advisor determines that any payment, benefit or transfer by the Corporation under this Plan or any other
plan, agreement, or arrangement to or for the benefit of the Participant (in the aggregate, the “Total Payments”) would be
subject to the tax (“
Excise Tax
”) imposed by Code Section 4999 but for this subsection 12.4, then, notwithstanding
any other provision of this Plan to the contrary, the Total Payments shall be delivered either (i) in full or (ii) in an amount such
that the value of the aggregate Total Payments that the Participant is entitled to receive shall be One Dollar ($1.00) less than the
maximum amount that the Participant may receive without being subject to the Excise Tax, whichever of clause (i) or (ii) results in the
receipt by the Participant of the greatest benefit on an after-tax basis (taking into account applicable federal, state and local income
taxes and the Excise Tax). In the event that clause (ii) results in a greater after-tax benefit to the Participants, payments or benefits
included in the Total Payments shall be reduced or eliminated by applying the following principles, in order: (A) the payment or benefit
with the higher ratio of the parachute payment value to present economic value (determined using reasonable actuarial assumptions) shall
be reduced or eliminated before a payment or benefit with a lower ratio; (B) the payment or benefit with the later possible payment date
shall be reduced or eliminated before a payment or benefit with an earlier payment date; and (C) cash payments shall be reduced prior
to non-cash benefits; provided that if the foregoing order of reduction or elimination would violate Code Section 409A, then the reduction
shall be made pro rata among the payments or benefits included in the Total Payments (on the basis of the relative present value of the
parachute payments).


 


12.5

Liquidation
. In the event of Liquidation, the Administrator shall have sole and absolute discretion to determine the effect of
the Liquidation on the outstanding unexercised, unvested or restricted portion of Awards, which may include the acceleration or cancelation
of all or a portion of the unexercised, unvested or restricted portion of the outstanding Awards.


 




 
19
 


 




 


12.6

Cancelation of Awards
. In the event that the Board of Directors determines in good faith that, in the context of a Change in Control
or Liquidation, certain Awards have no monetary value and thus do not entitle the holders of such Awards to any consideration under the
terms of the Change in Control or Liquidation, the Board of Directors may determine that such Awards shall terminate effective as of
the effective date of the Change in Control or upon determination of the Board of Directors in the event of Liquidation. Without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, the Board of Directors may provide for the termination of any Award, effective as of the effective date
of the Change in Control or Liquidation, that has an exercise price that is greater than the per Share Fair Market Value at the time
of such Change in Control or Liquidation, without any consideration to the holder thereof.


 


12.7

Administrator’s Authority
. It is the intention that the Administrator’s authority to make determinations, adjustments
and clarifications in connection with the treatment of Awards shall be interpreted as widely as possible, to allow the Administrator
maximal power and flexibility to interpret and implement the provisions of the Plan in the event of a recapitalization, Change in Control
or Liquidation, provided that the Administrator shall determine in good faith that a Participant’s vested rights are not thereby
adversely affected without the Participant’s express written consent. Without derogating from the generality of the foregoing,
the Administrator shall have the authority, at its sole discretion, to change the vesting schedule of Awards, accelerate Awards, and
determine that the treatment of Awards, whether vested or unvested, in a Change in Control or Liquidation may differ among individual
Participants or groups of Participants, provided that the overall economic impact of the different approaches determined by the Administrator
shall be substantively equivalent as of the date of the closing of the Change in Control or the effective date of Liquidation.




 


13.
Non-Transferability of Awards and Shares
.


 


13.1
Unless otherwise explicitly approved by the Administrator or as permitted by Rule 701 of the Securities Act., no Award may be assigned,
transferred, pledged or mortgaged, other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution or unless otherwise required under Applicable
Law, and during the Participant’s lifetime an Award may be exercised and the Shares subject to the Award may be purchased only
by such Participant and any transfer of an Award not permitted hereunder shall be null and void and shall not confer upon any party or
person, other than the Participant, any rights. In the event of any transfer of an Award permitted hereunder, the terms of such Award,
this Plan and any applicable Award Agreement shall be binding upon the beneficiaries, executors, administrators, heirs and successors
of such Participant.


 


13.2
The transfer of Shares to be issued upon the exercise of the Options shall be limited as set forth in the Plan including, without limitation,
pursuant to Section 19.3  and as may be described in the Award Agreement.


 


13.3
Restricted Stocks may not be assigned, transferred, pledged or mortgaged, other than by will or laws of descent and distribution, prior
to the date on which the date on which any applicable restriction, performance or deferred period lapses. Shares for which full payment
has not been made, may not be assigned, transferred, pledged or mortgaged, other than by will or laws of descent and distribution.


 




 
20
 


 




 


13.4
For avoidance of doubt, the foregoing shall not be deemed to restrict the transfer of a Participant’s rights in respect of Awards
or Shares (including Restricted Stocks) purchasable pursuant to the exercise thereof upon the death of such Participant to such Participant’s
estate or other successors by operation of law or will, whose rights therein shall be governed by Section 11.1(b) hereof, and as may
otherwise be determined by the Administrator, or as otherwise required under Applicable Law.


 
 


14.
Term and Amendment of the Plan
.


 


14.1
The Plan shall expire on the date which is ten (10) years from the date of its adoption by the Board of Directors (except as to Awards
outstanding on that date). Awards may be granted at any time after this Plan has been adopted by the Board and the shares reserved for
the Plan effectively created, but not later than the date that is ten (10) years from the date of adoption of the Plan by the Board.


 


14.2
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, the Administrator may at any time, and from time to time, amend, in whole or in part,
any or all of the provisions of the Plan (including any amendment deemed necessary to ensure that the Corporation may comply with any
regulatory requirement), or suspend or terminate it entirely, retroactively or otherwise; 
provided, however
, that, except 
(i)

to correct obvious drafting errors or as otherwise required by law or 
(ii)
 as specifically provided herein, the rights
of a Participant with respect to vested Awards granted prior to such amendment, suspension or termination, may not be reduced without
the consent of such Participant. The Administrator may amend the terms of any Award theretofore granted, prospectively or retroactively,
but except 
(i)
 to correct obvious drafting errors or as otherwise required by law or applicable accounting rules, or 
(ii)

as specifically provided herein, no such amendment or other action by the Administrator shall reduce the rights of any Participant with
respect to vested Awards without the Participant’s consent.


 


14.3
To assure the viability of Awards granted to Participants employed or residing in foreign countries, the Administrator may provide for
such special terms as it may consider necessary or appropriate to accommodate differences in local law, tax policy, accounting or custom.
Moreover, the Administrator may approve such supplements to, or amendments, restatements or alternative versions of, this Plan as it
determines is necessary or appropriate for such purposes. Any such amendment, restatement, or alternative versions that the Administrator
approves for purposes of using this Plan in a foreign country will not affect the terms of this Plan for any other country.


 


15.
Term of Option
.


 


Unless
otherwise explicitly provided in an Award Agreement, if any Option, or any part thereof, has not been exercised and the Shares covered
thereby not paid for within ten (10) years after the date on which the Option was granted, as set forth in the Award Agreement (or any
other period set forth in the instrument granting such Option pursuant to Section 9), such Option, or such part thereof, and the right
to acquire such Shares shall terminate, all interests and rights of the Participant in and to the same shall expire, and, in the event
that in connection therewith any Shares are held in trust as aforesaid, such trust shall expire.


 




 
21
 


 




 




16.
Continuance of Engagement
. 


 


Neither
the Plan nor any grant of Shares or Awards to a Participant shall impose any obligation on the Corporation or any related corporation
thereof, to continue the employment or engagement of any Participant as a Service Provider, and nothing in the Plan or in any Award granted
pursuant thereto shall confer upon any Participant any right to continue to serve as a Service Provider of the Corporation or a related
corporation thereof or restrict the right of the Corporation or a related corporation thereof to terminate such employment or engagement
at any time.


 


17.
Application of Funds
. 


 


The
proceeds received by the Corporation from the sale of Shares pursuant to Awards granted under the Plan will be used for general corporate
purposes of the Corporation or any related corporation thereof. This Plan is unfunded and does not create, and should not be construed
to create a trust or separate fund with respect to this Plan’s benefits. This Plan does not establish any fiduciary relationship
between the Corporation and any Participant or other person. To the extent any person holds any rights by virtue of an Award granted
under this Plan, such rights are no greater than the rights of the Corporation’s general unsecured creditors. Income recognized
by a Participant pursuant to an Award shall not be included in the determination of benefits under any employee pension benefit plan
(as such term is defined in Section 3(2) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended) or group insurance or other
benefit plans applicable to the Participant which are maintained by the Corporation or any Affiliate, except as may be provided under
the terms of such plans or determined by resolution of the Board.


 


18.
Taxes
.


 


18.1
Any tax consequences and any other mandatory payments arising from the grant, or vesting or exercising of any Award, from the payment
for Shares covered thereby, or from any other event or act (of the Corporation, and/or its Affiliates, or the Participant), hereunder,
shall be borne solely by the Participant. The Corporation and/or its Affiliates shall withhold taxes according to the requirements under
the Applicable Laws, rules, 
and
 regulations, including withholding taxes at source. Furthermore,
the Participant shall agree to indemnify the Corporation and/or its Affiliates and hold them harmless against and from any and all liability
for any such tax or interest or penalty thereon, including without limitation, liabilities relating to the necessity to withhold, or
to have withheld, any such tax from any payment made to the Participant. The Corporation or any of its Affiliates may make such provisions
and take such steps as it may deem necessary or appropriate for the withholding of all taxes required by law to be withheld with respect
to Awards granted under the Plan and the exercise thereof, including, but not limited, to 
(i)
 deducting the amount so required
to be withheld from any other amount (or Shares issuable) then or thereafter to be provided to the Participant, including by deducting
any such amount from a Participant’s salary or other amounts payable to the Participant, to the maximum extent permitted under
law and/or 
(ii)
 requiring the Participant to pay to the Corporation or any of its Affiliates the amount so required to
be withheld as a condition of the issuance, delivery, distribution or release of any Shares and/or 
(iii)
 by causing the
exercise and sale of any Awards or Shares held by on behalf of the Participant to cover such liability, up to the amount required to
satisfy the statutory withholding requirements. In addition, the Participant will be required to pay any amount due in excess of the
tax withheld and transferred to the tax authorities, pursuant to applicable tax laws, regulations and rules. 


 






 
22
 


 




 


18.2
Notwithstanding any provisions of this Plan to the contrary, the Corporation does not guarantee to any Participant or any other Person
with an interest in an Award that (i) any Award intended to be exempt from Code Section 409A shall be so exempt, (ii) any Award intended
to comply with Code Section 409A or Code Section 422 shall so comply, or (iii) any Award shall otherwise receive a specific tax treatment
under any other applicable tax law, nor in any such case will the Corporation or any Affiliate be required to indemnify, defend or hold
harmless any individual with respect to the tax consequences of any Award. The Corporation and its Affiliates do not undertake or assume
any liability or responsibility to the effect that any award shall qualify with any particular tax regime or rules applying to particular
tax treatment or tax advantage of any type and the Corporation and its Affiliates shall bear no liability in connection with the manner
in which any award is treated for tax purposes, regardless of whether the Award was granted or intended to qualify under any particular
tax regime or treatment. The Corporation and its Affiliates do not undertake and shall not be required to take any action in order to
qualify any Award with the requirements of any particular tax treatment and no indication in any documents to the effect that any Award
is intended to qualify for any tax treatment shall imply such undertaking. Moreover, no assurance is made by the Corporation or any of
its Affiliates that any particular tax treatment on the date of grant will continue to exist or that the Award would qualify at the time
of exercise or disposition thereof with any particular tax treatment. The Corporation and its Affiliates shall not have any liability
or obligation of any nature in the event that an Award does not qualify for any particular tax treatment, regardless whether the Corporation
could have or should have taken any action to cause such qualification to be met.


 


18.3
In the event a Participant obtains knowledge of any tax authority inquiry, audit, assertion, determination, investigation, or question
relating in any manner to the Awards granted hereunder and/or Shares and/or Additional Rights issued thereunder the Participant shall
immediately notify the Corporation in writing and shall continuously inform the Corporation of any developments, proceedings, discussions
and negotiations relating to such matter, and shall allow the Corporation and its representatives to participate in any proceedings and
discussions concerning such matters and shall provide to the Corporation any information or document relating to any matter hereof, which
the Corporation, in its discretion, requires.
 


 


18.4
The receipt of an Award and/or the acquisition of Shares issued upon the exercise of the Awards may result in tax consequences. The description
of tax consequences set forth in the Plan or any Appendix hereto does not purport to be complete, up to date or to take into account
any special circumstances relating to a Participant.


 


18.5
THE PARTICIPANT IS ADVISED TO CONSULT WITH A TAX ADVISOR WITH RESPECT TO THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF RECEIVING OR EXERCISING ANY AWARD IN
LIGHT OF HIS OR HER PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES. THE CORPORATION DOES NOT ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY TO ADVISE THE PARTICIPANT ON SUCH MATTERS,
WHICH SHALL REMAIN SOLELY THE RESPONSIBILITY OF THE PARTICIPANT.


 


19.
Conditions Upon Issuance of Shares
.


 


19.1

Legal Compliance
. Shares shall not be issued pursuant to the exercise of an Option or with respect to any other Award unless the
exercise of such Option or grant of such Award and the issuance and delivery of such Shares shall comply with Applicable Laws and shall
be further subject to the approval of counsel for the Corporation with respect to such compliance. The inability of the Corporation to
obtain authority from any regulatory body having jurisdiction, which authority is deemed by the Corporation’s counsel to be necessary
to the lawful issuance and sale of any Shares hereunder, shall relieve the Corporation of any liability in respect of the failure to
issue or sell such Shares as to which such requisite authority shall not have been obtained.


 


19.2

Investment Representations
. As a condition to the exercise of an Option or receipt of an Award, the Administrator may require
the person exercising such Option or receiving such Award to represent and warrant at the time of any such exercise or the time of receipt
of the Award that the Shares are being purchased only for investment and without any present intention to sell or distribute such Shares,
and make other representations as may be required under applicable securities laws if, in the opinion of counsel for the Corporation,
such representations are required, all in form and content specified by the Administrator.


 


19.3

Provisions Governing Shares
. Any Shares issued pursuant to an Award shall be subject to this Plan and shall be subject to the
Corporate Charter, any limitation, restriction or obligation included in any stockholders agreement applicable to all or substantially
all of the holders of shares (regardless of whether or not the Participant is a formal party to such stockholders agreement), any other
governing documents of the Corporation, all policies, manuals and internal regulations adopted by the Corporation from time to time,
as may be amended from time to time, including any provisions included therein concerning restrictions or limitations on disposition
of Shares or grant of any rights with respect thereto, forced sale and bring along/drag along provisions, any provisions concerning restrictions
on the use of inside information and other provisions deemed by the Corporation to be appropriate in order to ensure compliance with
Applicable Law. Each Participant shall execute such separate agreement(s) as may be requested by the Corporation relating to matters
set forth in or otherwise for the purpose of implementing this Section. The Participant may be required to execute such separate agreement(s)
as a condition to the exercise of any Award or the issuance of any Share.


 




 
23
 


 




 


20.
Right as a Stockholder.


 


Subject
to Section 7.5, a Participant shall have no rights as a stockholder of the Corporation with respect to any Shares covered by an
Award until the Participant shall have exercised the Award, paid the exercise price therefor and becomes the record holder of the
subject Shares. No adjustment shall be made for dividends (ordinary or extraordinary, whether in shares or other securities, cash or
other property, or rights, or any combination thereof) or distribution of other rights for which the record date is prior to the
date on which the Participant becomes the record holder of the Shares covered by an Award, except as provided in Section 12 hereof.
Any and all voting rights attached to such Shares shall be subject to Section 20, and the Participant shall be entitled to receive
dividends distributed with respect to such Shares, subject to the provisions of the Corporate Charter and subject to any Applicable
Law.


 


21.
Information to Participants.


 


Beginning
on the earlier of (i) the date that the aggregate number of Participants under this Plan is five hundred (500) or more and the Corporation
is relying on the exemption provided by Rule 12h-1(f)(1) under the Exchange Act and (ii) the date that the Corporation is required to
deliver information to Participants pursuant to Rule 701 under the Securities Act, and until such time as the Corporation becomes subject
to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, is no longer relying on the exemption provided by Rule 12h-1(f)(1)
under the Exchange Act, or is no longer required to deliver information to Participants pursuant to Rule 701 under the Securities Act,
the Corporation will make available to each Participant the information described in paragraphs (e)(3), (4), and (5) of Rule 701 under
the Securities Act.


 


22.
Stockholders’ Approval


 


This
Plan shall be subject to approval by the stockholders of the Corporation within twelve (12) months after the date this Plan is adopted.
Such stockholders’ approval shall be obtained in the degree and manner required under Applicable Laws. In the event the Corporation
fails to obtain stockholder approval of this Plan within twelve (12) months from its adoption date, all Options granted under this Plan
designated as Incentive Stock Options shall become Non-statutory Stock Options.


 




 
24
 


 




 


23.
Miscellaneous.


 


23.1

Data Privacy; Data Transfer
. Information related to Participant and Awards hereunder, as shall be received from Participant or
others, and/or held by, the Corporation or its Affiliates from time to time, and which information may include sensitive and personal
information related to Participant (“
Information
”), will be used by the Corporation or its Affiliates (or third
parties appointed by any of them) to comply with any applicable legal requirement, or for administration of the Plan as they deems necessary
or advisable, or for the respective business purposes of the Corporation or its Affiliates. The Corporation and its Affiliates shall
be entitled to transfer the Information among the Corporation or its Affiliates, and to third parties for the purposes set forth above,
which may include persons located abroad (including, any person administering the Plan or providing services in respect of the Plan or
in order to comply with legal requirements, their respective officers, directors, employees and representatives, and the respective successors
and assigns of any of the foregoing), and any person so receiving Information shall be entitled to transfer it for the purposes set forth
above. The Corporation shall use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the transfer of such Information shall be limited to
the reasonable and necessary scope. By receiving an Award hereunder, Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Information is provided
at Participant’s free will and Participant consents to the storage and transfer of the Information as set forth above.


 


23.2

Governing Law.
 This Plan and all determinations made and actions taken pursuant hereto shall be governed by the laws of the State
of Nevada, except with respect to matters that are subject to tax laws, regulations and rules of any specific jurisdiction, which shall
be governed by the respective laws, regulations and rules of such jurisdiction. The competent courts located in the state of State of
Nevad shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Plan and any Award granted hereunder.
By signing any Award Agreement or any other agreement relating to an Award, each Participant irrevocably submits to such exclusive jurisdiction.


 


23.3

Non-Exclusivity of the Plan.
 The adoption of this Plan shall not be construed as creating any limitations on the power or authority
of the Corporation to adopt such other or additional incentive or other compensation arrangements of whatever nature as the Corporation
may deem necessary or desirable or preclude or limit the continuation of any other plan, practice or arrangement for the payment of compensation
or fringe benefits to employees generally, or to any class or group of employees, which the Corporation or any Affiliate now has lawfully
put into effect.


 


23.4

Survival.
 The Participant shall be bound by and the Shares issued upon exercise or (if applicable) the vesting of any Awards granted
hereunder shall remain subject to this Plan after the exercise or (if applicable) the vesting of Awards, in accordance with the terms
of this Plan, whether or not the Participant is then or at any time thereafter employed or engaged by the Corporation or any of its Affiliates




 


23.5

Fractional Shares.
 No fractional Share shall be issuable upon exercise or vesting of any Award and the number of Shares to be
issued shall be rounded down to the nearest whole Share, with any Share remaining at the last vesting date due to such rounding to be
issued upon exercise at such last vesting date.


 


23.6

Severability.
 If any provision of this Plan, any Award Agreement or any other agreement entered into in connection with an Award
shall be determined to be illegal or unenforceable by any court of law in any jurisdiction, the remaining provisions hereof and thereof
shall be severable and enforceable in accordance with their terms, and all provisions shall remain enforceable in any other jurisdiction.
In addition, if any particular provision contained in this Plan, any Award Agreement or any other agreement entered into in connection
with an Award shall for any reason be held to be excessively broad as to duration, geographic scope, activity or subject, it shall be
construed by limiting and reducing such provision as to such characteristic so that the provision is enforceable to fullest extent compatible
with Applicable Law as it shall then appear.


 


*      
*      
*


 






 
25
 






 












EX-101.SCH

3

glai-20260130.xsd

XBRL SCHEMA FILE























00000001 - Document - Cover


link:presentationLink


link:calculationLink


link:definitionLink








































EX-101.LAB

4

glai-20260130_lab.xml

XBRL LABEL FILE



































Cover [Abstract]






Document Type






Amendment Flag






Amendment Description






Document Registration Statement






Document Annual Report






Document Quarterly Report






Document Transition Report






Document Shell Company Report






Document Shell Company Event Date






Document Period Start Date






Document Period End Date






Document Fiscal Period Focus






Document Fiscal Year Focus






Current Fiscal Year End Date






Entity File Number






Entity Registrant Name






Entity Central Index Key






Entity Primary SIC Number






Entity Tax Identification Number






Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code






Entity Address, Address Line One






Entity Address, Address Line Two






Entity Address, Address Line Three






Entity Address, City or Town






Entity Address, State or Province






Entity Address, Country






Entity Address, Postal Zip Code






Country Region






City Area Code






Local Phone Number






Extension






Written Communications






Soliciting Material






Pre-commencement Tender Offer






Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer






Title of 12(b) Security






No Trading Symbol Flag






Trading Symbol






Security Exchange Name






Title of 12(g) Security






Security Reporting Obligation






Annual Information Form






Audited Annual Financial Statements






Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer






Entity Voluntary Filers






Entity Current Reporting Status






Entity Interactive Data Current






Entity Filer Category






Entity Small Business






Entity Emerging Growth Company






Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period






Document Accounting Standard






Other Reporting Standard Item Number






Entity Shell Company






Entity Public Float






Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current






Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding






Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]














EX-101.PRE

5

glai-20260130_pre.xml

XBRL PRESENTATION FILE









































































































































































































































































XML

7

R1.htm

IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

















v3.25.4




Cover


Jan. 30, 2026






Cover [Abstract]


 








Document Type


8-K








Amendment Flag


false








Document Period End Date


Jan. 30,  2026








Entity File Number


333-163439








Entity Registrant Name


Global
AI, Inc.








Entity Central Index Key


0001473490








Entity Tax Identification Number


26-4170100








Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code


NV








Entity Address, Address Line One


110
Front Street








Entity Address, Address Line Two


Suite 300








Entity Address, City or Town


Jupiter








Entity Address, State or Province


FL








Entity Address, Postal Zip Code


33477








City Area Code


(561)








Local Phone Number


240-0333








Written Communications


false








Soliciting Material


false








Pre-commencement Tender Offer


false








Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer


false








Entity Emerging Growth Company


false












X




- Definition
Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.


+ References
No definition available.


+ Details




 Name:


dei_AmendmentFlag






 Namespace Prefix:


dei_






 Data Type:


xbrli:booleanItemType






 Balance Type:


na






 Period Type:


duration












X




- Definition
Area code of city


+ References
No definition available.


+ Details




 Name:


dei_CityAreaCode






 Namespace Prefix:


dei_






 Data Type:


xbrli:normalizedStringItemType






 Balance Type:


na






 Period Type:


duration












X




- Definition
Cover page.


+ References
No definition available.


+ Details




 Name:


dei_CoverAbstract






 Namespace Prefix:


dei_






 Data Type:


xbrli:stringItemType






 Balance Type:


na






 Period Type:


duration












X




- Definition
For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.


+ References
No definition available.


+ Details




 Name:


dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate






 Namespace Prefix:


dei_






 Data Type:


xbrli:dateItemType






 Balance Type:


na






 Period Type:


duration












X




- Definition
The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.


+ References
No definition available.


+ Details




 Name:


dei_DocumentType






 Namespace Prefix:


dei_






 Data Type:


dei:submissionTypeItemType






 Balance Type:


na






 Period Type:


duration












X




- Definition
Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name


+ References
No definition available.


+ Details




 Name:


dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1






 Namespace Prefix:


dei_






 Data Type:


xbrli:normalizedStringItemType






 Balance Type:


na






 Period Type:


duration












X




- Definition
Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number


+ References
No definition available.


+ Details




 Name:


dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2






 Namespace Prefix:


dei_






 Data Type:


xbrli:normalizedStringItemType






 Balance Type:


na






 Period Type:


duration












X




- Definition
Name of the City or Town


+ References
No definition available.


+ Details




 Name:


dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown






 Namespace Prefix:


dei_






 Data Type:


xbrli:normalizedStringItemType






 Balance Type:


na






 Period Type:


duration












X




- Definition
Code for the postal or zip code


+ References
No definition available.


+ Details




 Name:


dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode






 Namespace Prefix:


dei_






 Data Type:


xbrli:normalizedStringItemType






 Balance Type:


na






 Period Type:


duration












X




- Definition
Name of the state or province.


+ References
No definition available.


+ Details




 Name:


dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince






 Namespace Prefix:


dei_






 Data Type:


dei:stateOrProvinceItemType






 Balance Type:


na






 Period Type:


duration












X




- Definition
A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.


+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Exchange Act
 -Number 240
 -Section 12
 -Subsection b-2


+ Details




 Name:


dei_EntityCentralIndexKey






 Namespace Prefix:


dei_






 Data Type:


dei:centralIndexKeyItemType






 Balance Type:


na






 Period Type:


duration












X




- Definition
Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.


+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Exchange Act
 -Number 240
 -Section 12
 -Subsection b-2


+ Details




 Name:


dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany






 Namespace Prefix:


dei_






 Data Type:


xbrli:booleanItemType






 Balance Type:


na






 Period Type:


duration












X




- Definition
Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.


+ References
No definition available.


+ Details




 Name:


dei_EntityFileNumber






 Namespace Prefix:


dei_






 Data Type:


dei:fileNumberItemType






 Balance Type:


na






 Period Type:


duration












X




- Definition
Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.


+ References
No definition available.


+ Details




 Name:


dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode






 Namespace Prefix:


dei_






 Data Type:


dei:edgarStateCountryItemType






 Balance Type:


na






 Period Type:


duration












X




- Definition
The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.


+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Exchange Act
 -Number 240
 -Section 12
 -Subsection b-2


+ Details




 Name:


dei_EntityRegistrantName






 Namespace Prefix:


dei_






 Data Type:


xbrli:normalizedStringItemType






 Balance Type:


na






 Period Type:


duration












X




- Definition
The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.


+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Exchange Act
 -Number 240
 -Section 12
 -Subsection b-2


+ Details




 Name:


dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber






 Namespace Prefix:


dei_






 Data Type:


dei:employerIdItemType






 Balance Type:


na






 Period Type:


duration












X




- Definition
Local phone number for entity.


+ References
No definition available.


+ Details




 Name:


dei_LocalPhoneNumber






 Namespace Prefix:


dei_






 Data Type:


xbrli:normalizedStringItemType






 Balance Type:


na






 Period Type:


duration












X




- Definition
Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.


+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Exchange Act
 -Number 240
 -Section 13e
 -Subsection 4c


+ Details




 Name:


dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer






 Namespace Prefix:


dei_






 Data Type:


xbrli:booleanItemType






 Balance Type:


na






 Period Type:


duration












X




- Definition
Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.


+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Exchange Act
 -Number 240
 -Section 14d
 -Subsection 2b


+ Details




 Name:


dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer






 Namespace Prefix:


dei_






 Data Type:


xbrli:booleanItemType






 Balance Type:


na






 Period Type:


duration












X




- Definition
Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.


+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Exchange Act
 -Number 240
 -Section 14a
 -Subsection 12


+ Details




 Name:


dei_SolicitingMaterial






 Namespace Prefix:


dei_






 Data Type:


xbrli:booleanItemType






 Balance Type:


na






 Period Type:


duration












X




- Definition
Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.


+ References
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Securities Act
 -Number 230
 -Section 425


+ Details




 Name:


dei_WrittenCommunications






 Namespace Prefix:


dei_






 Data Type:


xbrli:booleanItemType






 Balance Type:


na






 Period Type:


duration






















XML

8

Show.js

IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT


// Edgar(tm) Renderer was created by staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  Data and content created by government employees within the scope of their employment are not subject to domestic copyright protection. 17 U.S.C. 105.
var Show={};Show.LastAR=null,Show.showAR=function(a,r,w){if(Show.LastAR)Show.hideAR();var e=a;while(e&&e.nodeName!='TABLE')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e||e.nodeName!='TABLE'){var ref=((window)?w.document:document).getElementById(r);if(ref){e=ref.cloneNode(!0);
e.removeAttribute('id');a.parentNode.appendChild(e)}}
if(e)e.style.display='block';Show.LastAR=e};Show.hideAR=function(){Show.LastAR.style.display='none'};Show.toggleNext=function(a){var e=a;while(e.nodeName!='DIV')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e.style){}else if(!e.style.display){}else{var d,p_;if(e.style.display=='none'){d='block';p='-'}else{d='none';p='+'}
e.style.display=d;if(a.textContent){a.textContent=p+a.textContent.substring(1)}else{a.innerText=p+a.innerText.substring(1)}}}







XML

9

report.css

IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT


/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */

/* DefRef Styles */
.report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}

.report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}

.report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}

.report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}

.report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}

.report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}

.report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}

/* Report Styles */
.pl a, .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}

/* table */
.report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica, Arial, san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}

.report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}

/* Top labels */
.report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}

.report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica, Arial, san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}

.report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}

.report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}

.report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}

.report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}

/* Header rows... */
.report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}

/* Calendars... */
.report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}

/* Even rows... */
.report .re, .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}

.report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}

/* Odd rows... */
.report .ro, .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}

.report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}

.report .rou table td, .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}

/* styles for footnote marker */
.report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}

/* styles for numeric types */
.report .num, .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}

.report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}

.report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}

/* styles for text types */
.report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}

.report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}

.report .text .more {
	display: none;
}

.report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}

.report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}

.report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}

.report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}







XML

11

FilingSummary.xml

IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT









3.25.4




html


1


20


1


false


0


0


false


0






false


false


R1.htm


00000001 - Document - Cover


Sheet


http://globalai.co/role/Cover


Cover


Cover


1






false


false


All Reports


Book


All Reports








form8-k.htm


glai-20260130.xsd


glai-20260130_lab.xml


glai-20260130_pre.xml








http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025




true


false












JSON

13

MetaLinks.json

IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT


{
 "version": "2.2",
 "instance": {
  "form8-k.htm": {
   "nsprefix": "GLAI",
   "nsuri": "http://globalai.co/20260130",
   "dts": {
    "inline": {
     "local": [
      "form8-k.htm"
     ]
    },
    "schema": {
     "local": [
      "glai-20260130.xsd"
     ],
     "remote": [
      "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-instance-2003-12-31.xsd",
      "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd",
      "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xl-2003-12-31.xsd",
      "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xlink-2003-12-31.xsd",
      "http://www.xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt-2005.xsd",
      "http://www.xbrl.org/2006/ref-2006-02-27.xsd",
      "http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/role/negated-2009-12-16.xsd",
      "http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/role/net-2009-12-16.xsd",
      "https://www.xbrl.org/2020/extensible-enumerations-2.0.xsd",
      "https://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/2020-01-21/types.xsd",
      "https://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/2024-01-31/types.xsd",
      "https://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2025/elts/srt-2025.xsd",
      "https://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2025/elts/srt-roles-2025.xsd",
      "https://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2025/elts/srt-types-2025.xsd",
      "https://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2025/elts/us-gaap-2025.xsd",
      "https://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2025/elts/us-roles-2025.xsd",
      "https://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2025/elts/us-types-2025.xsd",
      "https://xbrl.sec.gov/country/2025/country-2025.xsd",
      "https://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025/dei-2025.xsd",
      "https://xbrl.sec.gov/stpr/2025/stpr-2025.xsd"
     ]
    },
    "labelLink": {
     "local": [
      "glai-20260130_lab.xml"
     ]
    },
    "presentationLink": {
     "local": [
      "glai-20260130_pre.xml"
     ]
    }
   },
   "keyStandard": 20,
   "keyCustom": 0,
   "axisStandard": 0,
   "axisCustom": 0,
   "memberStandard": 0,
   "memberCustom": 0,
   "hidden": {
    "total": 2,
    "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025": 2
   },
   "contextCount": 1,
   "entityCount": 1,
   "segmentCount": 0,
   "elementCount": 59,
   "unitCount": 0,
   "baseTaxonomies": {
    "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025": 20
   },
   "report": {
    "R1": {
     "role": "http://globalai.co/role/Cover",
     "longName": "00000001 - Document - Cover",
     "shortName": "Cover",
     "isDefault": "true",
     "groupType": "document",
     "subGroupType": "",
     "menuCat": "Cover",
     "order": "1",
     "firstAnchor": {
      "contextRef": "AsOf2026-01-30",
      "name": "dei:DocumentType",
      "unitRef": null,
      "xsiNil": "false",
      "lang": "en-US",
      "decimals": null,
      "ancestors": [
       "span",
       "b",
       "span",
       "p",
       "body",
       "html"
      ],
      "reportCount": 1,
      "baseRef": "form8-k.htm",
      "first": true,
      "unique": true
     },
     "uniqueAnchor": {
      "contextRef": "AsOf2026-01-30",
      "name": "dei:DocumentType",
      "unitRef": null,
      "xsiNil": "false",
      "lang": "en-US",
      "decimals": null,
      "ancestors": [
       "span",
       "b",
       "span",
       "p",
       "body",
       "html"
      ],
      "reportCount": 1,
      "baseRef": "form8-k.htm",
      "first": true,
      "unique": true
     }
    }
   },
   "tag": {
    "dei_AmendmentDescription": {
     "xbrltype": "stringItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "AmendmentDescription",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Amendment Description",
        "documentation": "Description of changes contained within amended document."
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": []
    },
    "dei_AmendmentFlag": {
     "xbrltype": "booleanItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "AmendmentFlag",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Amendment Flag",
        "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission."
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": []
    },
    "dei_AnnualInformationForm": {
     "xbrltype": "booleanItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "AnnualInformationForm",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Annual Information Form",
        "documentation": "Boolean flag with value true on a form if it is an annual report containing an annual information form."
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": [
      "r14"
     ]
    },
    "dei_AuditedAnnualFinancialStatements": {
     "xbrltype": "booleanItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "AuditedAnnualFinancialStatements",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Audited Annual Financial Statements",
        "documentation": "Boolean flag with value true on a form if it is an annual report containing audited financial statements."
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": [
      "r14"
     ]
    },
    "dei_CityAreaCode": {
     "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "CityAreaCode",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "City Area Code",
        "documentation": "Area code of city"
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": []
    },
    "dei_CountryRegion": {
     "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "CountryRegion",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Country Region",
        "documentation": "Region code of country"
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": []
    },
    "dei_CoverAbstract": {
     "xbrltype": "stringItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "CoverAbstract",
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Cover [Abstract]",
        "documentation": "Cover page."
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": []
    },
    "dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate": {
     "xbrltype": "gMonthDayItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "CurrentFiscalYearEndDate",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Current Fiscal Year End Date",
        "documentation": "End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD."
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": []
    },
    "dei_DocumentAccountingStandard": {
     "xbrltype": "accountingStandardItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "DocumentAccountingStandard",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Document Accounting Standard",
        "documentation": "The basis of accounting the registrant has used to prepare the financial statements included in this filing This can either be 'U.S. GAAP', 'International Financial Reporting Standards', or 'Other'."
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": [
      "r13"
     ]
    },
    "dei_DocumentAnnualReport": {
     "xbrltype": "booleanItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "DocumentAnnualReport",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Document Annual Report",
        "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true only for a form used as an annual report."
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": [
      "r11",
      "r13",
      "r14"
     ]
    },
    "dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus": {
     "xbrltype": "fiscalPeriodItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Document Fiscal Period Focus",
        "documentation": "Fiscal period values are FY, Q1, Q2, and Q3. 1st, 2nd and 3rd quarter 10-Q or 10-QT statements have value Q1, Q2, and Q3 respectively, with 10-K, 10-KT or other fiscal year statements having FY."
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": []
    },
    "dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus": {
     "xbrltype": "gYearItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "DocumentFiscalYearFocus",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Document Fiscal Year Focus",
        "documentation": "This is focus fiscal year of the document report in YYYY format. For a 2006 annual report, which may also provide financial information from prior periods, fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006."
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": []
    },
    "dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate": {
     "xbrltype": "dateItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "DocumentPeriodEndDate",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Document Period End Date",
        "documentation": "For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD."
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": []
    },
    "dei_DocumentPeriodStartDate": {
     "xbrltype": "dateItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "DocumentPeriodStartDate",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Document Period Start Date",
        "documentation": "The start date of the period covered in the document, in YYYY-MM-DD format."
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": []
    },
    "dei_DocumentQuarterlyReport": {
     "xbrltype": "booleanItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "DocumentQuarterlyReport",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Document Quarterly Report",
        "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true only for a form used as an quarterly report."
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": [
      "r12"
     ]
    },
    "dei_DocumentRegistrationStatement": {
     "xbrltype": "booleanItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "DocumentRegistrationStatement",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Document Registration Statement",
        "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true only for a form used as a registration statement."
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": [
      "r0"
     ]
    },
    "dei_DocumentShellCompanyEventDate": {
     "xbrltype": "dateItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "DocumentShellCompanyEventDate",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Document Shell Company Event Date",
        "documentation": "Date of event requiring a shell company report."
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": [
      "r13"
     ]
    },
    "dei_DocumentShellCompanyReport": {
     "xbrltype": "booleanItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "DocumentShellCompanyReport",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Document Shell Company Report",
        "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true for a Shell Company Report pursuant to section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act."
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": [
      "r13"
     ]
    },
    "dei_DocumentTransitionReport": {
     "xbrltype": "booleanItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "DocumentTransitionReport",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Document Transition Report",
        "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true only for a form used as a transition report."
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": [
      "r15"
     ]
    },
    "dei_DocumentType": {
     "xbrltype": "submissionTypeItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "DocumentType",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Document Type",
        "documentation": "The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'."
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": []
    },
    "dei_DocumentsIncorporatedByReferenceTextBlock": {
     "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "DocumentsIncorporatedByReferenceTextBlock",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]",
        "documentation": "Documents incorporated by reference."
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": [
      "r3"
     ]
    },
    "dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1": {
     "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "EntityAddressAddressLine1",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Entity Address, Address Line One",
        "documentation": "Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name"
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": []
    },
    "dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2": {
     "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "EntityAddressAddressLine2",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Entity Address, Address Line Two",
        "documentation": "Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number"
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": []
    },
    "dei_EntityAddressAddressLine3": {
     "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "EntityAddressAddressLine3",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Entity Address, Address Line Three",
        "documentation": "Address Line 3 such as an Office Park"
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": []
    },
    "dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown": {
     "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "EntityAddressCityOrTown",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Entity Address, City or Town",
        "documentation": "Name of the City or Town"
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": []
    },
    "dei_EntityAddressCountry": {
     "xbrltype": "countryCodeItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "EntityAddressCountry",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Entity Address, Country",
        "documentation": "ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code."
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": []
    },
    "dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode": {
     "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "EntityAddressPostalZipCode",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Entity Address, Postal Zip Code",
        "documentation": "Code for the postal or zip code"
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": []
    },
    "dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince": {
     "xbrltype": "stateOrProvinceItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "EntityAddressStateOrProvince",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Entity Address, State or Province",
        "documentation": "Name of the state or province."
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": []
    },
    "dei_EntityBankruptcyProceedingsReportingCurrent": {
     "xbrltype": "booleanItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "EntityBankruptcyProceedingsReportingCurrent",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current",
        "documentation": "For registrants involved in bankruptcy proceedings during the preceding five years, the value Yes indicates that the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Section 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court; the value No indicates the registrant has not. Registrants not involved in bankruptcy proceedings during the preceding five years should not report this element."
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": [
      "r6"
     ]
    },
    "dei_EntityCentralIndexKey": {
     "xbrltype": "centralIndexKeyItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "EntityCentralIndexKey",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Entity Central Index Key",
        "documentation": "A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK."
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": [
      "r2"
     ]
    },
    "dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding": {
     "xbrltype": "sharesItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding",
        "documentation": "Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests, if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member], Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings, Instrument."
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": []
    },
    "dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus": {
     "xbrltype": "yesNoItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "EntityCurrentReportingStatus",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Entity Current Reporting Status",
        "documentation": "Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports), and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure."
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": []
    },
    "dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany": {
     "xbrltype": "booleanItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "EntityEmergingGrowthCompany",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Entity Emerging Growth Company",
        "documentation": "Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria."
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": [
      "r2"
     ]
    },
    "dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod": {
     "xbrltype": "booleanItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "EntityExTransitionPeriod",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period",
        "documentation": "Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards."
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": [
      "r19"
     ]
    },
    "dei_EntityFileNumber": {
     "xbrltype": "fileNumberItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "EntityFileNumber",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Entity File Number",
        "documentation": "Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen."
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": []
    },
    "dei_EntityFilerCategory": {
     "xbrltype": "filerCategoryItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "EntityFilerCategory",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Entity Filer Category",
        "documentation": "Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: Large Accelerated Filer, Accelerated Filer, Non-accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure."
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": [
      "r2"
     ]
    },
    "dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode": {
     "xbrltype": "edgarStateCountryItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code",
        "documentation": "Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation."
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": []
    },
    "dei_EntityInteractiveDataCurrent": {
     "xbrltype": "yesNoItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "EntityInteractiveDataCurrent",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Entity Interactive Data Current",
        "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true when the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files)."
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": [
      "r16"
     ]
    },
    "dei_EntityPrimarySicNumber": {
     "xbrltype": "sicNumberItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "EntityPrimarySicNumber",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Entity Primary SIC Number",
        "documentation": "Primary Standard Industrial Classification (SIC) Number for the Entity."
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": [
      "r14"
     ]
    },
    "dei_EntityPublicFloat": {
     "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "EntityPublicFloat",
     "crdr": "credit",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Entity Public Float",
        "documentation": "The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter."
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": []
    },
    "dei_EntityRegistrantName": {
     "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "EntityRegistrantName",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Entity Registrant Name",
        "documentation": "The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC."
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": [
      "r2"
     ]
    },
    "dei_EntityShellCompany": {
     "xbrltype": "booleanItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "EntityShellCompany",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Entity Shell Company",
        "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true when the registrant is a shell company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act."
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": [
      "r2"
     ]
    },
    "dei_EntitySmallBusiness": {
     "xbrltype": "booleanItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "EntitySmallBusiness",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Entity Small Business",
        "documentation": "Indicates that the company is a Smaller Reporting Company (SRC)."
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": [
      "r2"
     ]
    },
    "dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber": {
     "xbrltype": "employerIdItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "EntityTaxIdentificationNumber",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Entity Tax Identification Number",
        "documentation": "The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS."
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": [
      "r2"
     ]
    },
    "dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers": {
     "xbrltype": "yesNoItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "EntityVoluntaryFilers",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Entity Voluntary Filers",
        "documentation": "Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act."
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": []
    },
    "dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer": {
     "xbrltype": "yesNoItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer",
        "documentation": "Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K, 10-Q, 8-K, 20-F, 6-K, 10-K/A, 10-Q/A, 20-F/A, 6-K/A, N-CSR, N-Q, N-1A."
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": [
      "r17"
     ]
    },
    "dei_Extension": {
     "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "Extension",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Extension",
        "documentation": "Extension number for local phone number."
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": []
    },
    "dei_LocalPhoneNumber": {
     "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "LocalPhoneNumber",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Local Phone Number",
        "documentation": "Local phone number for entity."
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": []
    },
    "dei_NoTradingSymbolFlag": {
     "xbrltype": "trueItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "NoTradingSymbolFlag",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "No Trading Symbol Flag",
        "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true only for a security having no trading symbol."
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": []
    },
    "dei_OtherReportingStandardItemNumber": {
     "xbrltype": "otherReportingStandardItemNumberItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "OtherReportingStandardItemNumber",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Other Reporting Standard Item Number",
        "documentation": "\"Item 17\" or \"Item 18\" specified when the basis of accounting is neither US GAAP nor IFRS."
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": [
      "r13"
     ]
    },
    "dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer": {
     "xbrltype": "booleanItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer",
        "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act."
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": [
      "r7"
     ]
    },
    "dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer": {
     "xbrltype": "booleanItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "PreCommencementTenderOffer",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Pre-commencement Tender Offer",
        "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act."
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": [
      "r9"
     ]
    },
    "dei_Security12bTitle": {
     "xbrltype": "securityTitleItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "Security12bTitle",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Title of 12(b) Security",
        "documentation": "Title of a 12(b) registered security."
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": [
      "r1"
     ]
    },
    "dei_Security12gTitle": {
     "xbrltype": "securityTitleItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "Security12gTitle",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Title of 12(g) Security",
        "documentation": "Title of a 12(g) registered security."
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": [
      "r5"
     ]
    },
    "dei_SecurityExchangeName": {
     "xbrltype": "edgarExchangeCodeItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "SecurityExchangeName",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Security Exchange Name",
        "documentation": "Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered."
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": [
      "r4"
     ]
    },
    "dei_SecurityReportingObligation": {
     "xbrltype": "securityReportingObligationItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "SecurityReportingObligation",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Security Reporting Obligation",
        "documentation": "15(d), indicating whether the security has a reporting obligation under that section of the Exchange Act."
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": [
      "r10"
     ]
    },
    "dei_SolicitingMaterial": {
     "xbrltype": "booleanItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "SolicitingMaterial",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Soliciting Material",
        "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act."
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": [
      "r8"
     ]
    },
    "dei_TradingSymbol": {
     "xbrltype": "tradingSymbolItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "TradingSymbol",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Trading Symbol",
        "documentation": "Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange."
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": []
    },
    "dei_WrittenCommunications": {
     "xbrltype": "booleanItemType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025",
     "localname": "WrittenCommunications",
     "presentation": [
      "http://globalai.co/role/Cover"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-us": {
       "role": {
        "label": "Written Communications",
        "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act."
       }
      }
     },
     "auth_ref": [
      "r18"
     ]
    }
   }
  }
 },
 "std_ref": {
  "r0": {
   "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef",
   "Publisher": "SEC",
   "Name": "Exchange Act",
   "Number": "240",
   "Section": "12"
  },
  "r1": {
   "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef",
   "Publisher": "SEC",
   "Name": "Exchange Act",
   "Number": "240",
   "Section": "12",
   "Subsection": "b"
  },
  "r2": {
   "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef",
   "Publisher": "SEC",
   "Name": "Exchange Act",
   "Number": "240",
   "Section": "12",
   "Subsection": "b-2"
  },
  "r3": {
   "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef",
   "Publisher": "SEC",
   "Name": "Exchange Act",
   "Number": "240",
   "Section": "12",
   "Subsection": "b-23"
  },
  "r4": {
   "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef",
   "Publisher": "SEC",
   "Name": "Exchange Act",
   "Number": "240",
   "Section": "12",
   "Subsection": "d1-1"
  },
  "r5": {
   "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef",
   "Publisher": "SEC",
   "Name": "Exchange Act",
   "Number": "240",
   "Section": "12",
   "Subsection": "g"
  },
  "r6": {
   "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef",
   "Publisher": "SEC",
   "Name": "Exchange Act",
   "Number": "240",
   "Section": "12, 13, 15d"
  },
  "r7": {
   "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef",
   "Publisher": "SEC",
   "Name": "Exchange Act",
   "Number": "240",
   "Section": "13e",
   "Subsection": "4c"
  },
  "r8": {
   "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef",
   "Publisher": "SEC",
   "Name": "Exchange Act",
   "Number": "240",
   "Section": "14a",
   "Subsection": "12"
  },
  "r9": {
   "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef",
   "Publisher": "SEC",
   "Name": "Exchange Act",
   "Number": "240",
   "Section": "14d",
   "Subsection": "2b"
  },
  "r10": {
   "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef",
   "Publisher": "SEC",
   "Name": "Exchange Act",
   "Number": "240",
   "Section": "15",
   "Subsection": "d"
  },
  "r11": {
   "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef",
   "Publisher": "SEC",
   "Name": "Form 10-K",
   "Number": "249",
   "Section": "310"
  },
  "r12": {
   "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef",
   "Publisher": "SEC",
   "Name": "Form 10-Q",
   "Number": "240",
   "Section": "308",
   "Subsection": "a"
  },
  "r13": {
   "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef",
   "Publisher": "SEC",
   "Name": "Form 20-F",
   "Number": "249",
   "Section": "220",
   "Subsection": "f"
  },
  "r14": {
   "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef",
   "Publisher": "SEC",
   "Name": "Form 40-F",
   "Number": "249",
   "Section": "240",
   "Subsection": "f"
  },
  "r15": {
   "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef",
   "Publisher": "SEC",
   "Name": "Forms 10-K, 10-Q, 20-F",
   "Number": "240",
   "Section": "13",
   "Subsection": "a-1"
  },
  "r16": {
   "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef",
   "Publisher": "SEC",
   "Name": "Regulation S-T",
   "Number": "232",
   "Section": "405"
  },
  "r17": {
   "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef",
   "Publisher": "SEC",
   "Name": "Securities Act",
   "Number": "230",
   "Section": "405"
  },
  "r18": {
   "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef",
   "Publisher": "SEC",
   "Name": "Securities Act",
   "Number": "230",
   "Section": "425"
  },
  "r19": {
   "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef",
   "Publisher": "SEC",
   "Name": "Securities Act",
   "Number": "7A",
   "Section": "B",
   "Subsection": "2"
  }
 }
}







ZIP

14

0001493152-26-005096-xbrl.zip

IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT


begin 644 0001493152-26-005096-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0    ( +R 1%PSS"3VD6T  !K[ @ *    97@Q,"TQ+FAT;>V]:W/;
M1K8V^IU5_ \X4WM/D:=@19+M)([SIDIQ/!-7.8Z/K
7W^K^=/_\]?UE79?I><'&_;Y#S?
MF"9Y8:Z35]4F*U/^($U>FSI?_P4NA$M?ONUUCY--5E_DY7<)_M3][W&RS5:K
MO+RXUU9;^NYQTIHW[;VLR"_@QTM3MJ:6S_)R9?!IQWGIKZOSB\M6KK2?+:JV
MK3;TX5]^^&NY:+:/O__JY1\
<]OWN/6HO__;KR_.]5#OK;--7MQ\
M=VBP]-LF_Z_A=Y-AM'56-NNJAMOOMEM3+[/&P$-^_.'OSW_]\>SY='+V+$V>
ME
I1]-T'S"5X 5.R$1 ./_.!OD1;8QR5FY2E[NZFW5&'SXT5W8#1_]
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MK J
P1+ \
T@9*G;Y8&WND:+84*1%A]
MG8.E@(; ,E->#
A]=U4*U#&\.G,JVC4>3=T=6W5>"5V(=T;
M[].XV\M?_A$-ZV:\[S+CR[WV;F4JX"?\K[G?25=^^MU,-S0I.)XBNTYYXO)V
MQWH5GP\K":9^;3(T^6N#&X>_K'<%60E5#7LA@UNELE-P9^ -&[/DM;73"H9$
MRP-$SX+6BL9!4Y*W^_UE\@B"_4C/V"WA'9JJMO=U;QM[6=I6UNE>:G.;/H&1
M3B?R+;HP[8W]HO/@E%X%3G=SF6]QTI0M4N2;''
MH[%UF9_]?:1O!>67(!5E5=VAV:7<";W"3DJ,'M80L4:/VA
M.]'@;+MY8)\O]N;L[X7OMC'DTMQ8^PIVD[FH<"EQ4N [[['X*>[(INL*S5IY
M".\^>4BJ/ZW6]M$X1/4%&<+N"OR2[XB[!685)!9LDPVZ:FGLJ)/?QML)AI,W
M;$[#64#?$M<3/&!Q(,NJM2(&5S)?DD@E-Y$FL;N7 LE5%-.)/S]6]I#9+J?Y
MP.#<[_1 'ZN'[9M7V81VFMR&E<^;R-RZ8QDN.8QOA5*0!K? )2^*ZMIKHNUE
MG34N1H6.
7_K4T./\D+^C1_[CCUAO!?Z(O9.E5WC!%X=5P)=9#KU/ [S
M!H;;@/O]>3N\[\^LV&=JP:S\/_?N)7_+3;'Z+GD)TN$QW.<_.]R;
V+_EB?(W9:PS\"$A.'9
M?SU.KO-5>XGO>_R_L0DX?V7O :*09)Y=*EC OJF,5_QDKU"W]K[0^4^8'7^%
M_P_? /X+,Q&9E 4HOM_O+0R*P^]@G7%Z=>KN:QK>RW .>Q&/X.YJN;["]>+5
M^')W]QC5#3R(4Q*EY'Z"1"1/@OV'\TLKHE$K
85C:#K)*=IN#7MR.?HR
MBYWUY6C,3>@0@+;'(/J2;()%5>YH^]8VV(\QOH1,3+ %FF0&-V-+@"Y?9LWE
M=.*^GN.MT;HJ93]3&%_BJG"[K]@A2%[S _#)&&@%OQ7N:>HE>F;PDROPL,C$
M7
F/_* QX?@MPJO%VC62R./-I?T*C3#FZ90?GU *_
M0^A6IM8MEX"'2P/?C$=F/#('CLQV6X!WN"C,=/+TS?(R*R^ZIR?Q,OI%UJRR
M_R2OR?3X):M_-W!"Z MX^K^J^G?YRMXID=RI'"RC/LYV\&X4P0/-P$B#FZ8U
MF^D$C1.",9$]0O=#?%,-9R#?8G: KL!(-<5&,8TJK_!!,YF?W3*/>_X6>_YY
M=CULI*N=1;%^#."'(7T7[Y<$T%)R)!AI7MZDK!*V""3BW_][M[K@7U!D!P_"
MRBQK R.I"*Z3K,T*
.I:M)1V0J>06D.
M<''AD%U6-8;471P\3>1!&A61^AP8OF,CH7#[GHV]AGT.>XSA5C".>W#9O26\
M.R:P-B03\&GAJ4Z"0QW#[8CC03"L2U-.)W+(\:7!>C2K\5R/Y_K@N2:\S8"3
M(2>Z!\FY!4H6+;,,L[7@5^-.KV_N.="02];1)W Z.=!4&SP[&'>JQ%5&9)MS
M[CWZCW_>M4P%:X2P.%,S#/%FRY!%0Q#:>XNL@3&/7G@G[@_[P)X0W@7CU$1.
M"NZ:H6/">P]WFF1"TN259-YAP[%!]EN9
KH<1)-SO\K)[A_%8CBKK%@=Q.G$[9L 63:YK
M#($1,L04L!O!V@35HY XC6E)VSA,B]VHRCE"0(-*WM.S/^\M&D*D]V=V3Z.9
MW
^_<[*=[^+Q[\;ZR($FZFYMK.\N/D'*R4[Y*S.EODR\<)
MUJWQ2KRH<'Y/@URNO0J_&7KZ_<[3:4N,6>FQR.##R62R_\D?=PY 5RR#&.Y?
M,APV6UB/8K4'V/]Y2^+16/CP&_-)MFOZJ0TR9UUJXP)W&FAZDX$YZGS4EZ3U
M\VV&D2<'?FBPJE@0$ $ @FQ9 J!1!DZ@A/Q)UH25+P'HN"&3V>:2U5-=F,=L
MMD5UPU!A>U4?1DQ OVB\B$;$H$OT0#CID0:5;Y+.!JLJK([K#(E"36P0(>(4
M]%!-$T% /H=K1,N>:XL:&Q_0]Q"GX.  89GZ(U3E>Q@/3!,I-LP6C9&L/T.<
M%>[[NP&4.Z:0\L8..4M@,3=TATV%D/9V5V_S=K
A^+0[DPN%..
4.$A^ B6KAU6U'J9@UW,9N%^>]_"V,CTS"=Q?K>
MRH!,A"N'RQ$P?U-CR O-*]@S,Q .;C.Y>)I^"\$6@Z%L
AK%J[PC%Z9$E[M<:R^(.O-YIX='Y.BA'VG
M$^/D*N<)#@JU#(9=WN-[&M.KI11!C.(27V^YPT+#6;[&?Z%C.:?=C<4DY@H#
M][-OYLDJNX&Y6V-*@"J#MW1TK!<+M\$'"/">S*E^#8+/QR_S&M0"5E7C@#D(
MQ&/")]:$D-IF-\FLDHJ):@U'Z-)LYK;2$O9#[FHD.ON,,$Z\9]U&4?/+CZ,
MDW>EGV?7H[DVFFL'S#5*DF'4'X0.(3OB'H(^[!ZNBF>I;6+J'B2%J2]@4\Z4
M=$=)0\K9?HD6C_^PQ7I$*F'#,"_^ &.M5&V!,8M!"
&SW^\CS$GF<
MV($(U@'Y-)T('D%N4EU+A5+"Y5:UB5=/LWV,II*=$H$,87A.WNN:Y.XZ7[<$
M,<*H23)[>/R_
F=D"4C1Y^_J4I.&[/8U>T&X5\R$FYH!*>1A#Y
MXOJR
3#F:CEZK^16)6O !8O-BE:EVKA0!U/M#GX_[]\9,NJ)H4#5.W7-.?(9
M1NTW:K_>9+RH6MQ17IH%99$IG"X;-7LB,+"UU8Q[ZNPH7%$M0=ZAW9FOO?Q&
M[;7;,(@,#32]M
U19O9'S5)OB&X9HLNK5>]/O  BJ@"![G#
MI"%P30;#1$23ONNVSBLNUV6E$1LBW4,/"^$&>;FCE THDB$0J@L84" 'S'LL
M]*0;, <7.-1>H_%/IY- D:$(8GU%V@Q^W>P1J*'PJ1-15DH7'9@,-\5O,QNC
MJ!E%S5N+&N*^DG2\2 IT90T&NY#;P*PXH@"[C'9?)\GO7.6&9=3*N#JP!\>/
MSA@NA\] O].[B;*MW6/!ZKZXH*>2DYD-BK_4RC_'BN6KR17G0U
-]'MO]..!VG.@]N>0[X_IXH^9+KX_IHN_K-/WB2?C^(X$
MCD!B[RF4>X8'BF!N&"/:&9;PH$Q.'GW[M>90/8)?!&PF+A_HB&:LO;8R'%6Q
MB&^%G0NI7$3%*:8:#8='*_P*IEB#QXEX
2*PO-?-KZE U
MH>)W+<;W"W.1-WQ;"G>KI] [D^[WO#]4J8J/P_",83CZX.COF%K\A'OQ#I[,
MNW(PI11U$#H;&)5+^W.?X/8?!32055ZR$[N"#W/"FN_#HZ
D6^R@
M0N "TN:J0GH'Q2Z<$ADKY4L(3=YUV\3QBH1?6,W98#]&0=COL@2"?LC)[/K2
M<(288L\I,2FDJLQ#A3N( 0M.5'LSMV-
!DS-/^8$GVRIAHNLGKA]7E&>\,A5FVW(#6A!OH[UIAXPK'
MX_:-G52I98B,TZZFI^A3632R=UCF#Z7*X%:$>4C66>Y*\:[07W5QC?@;^E>+
M;=%P 70^,Z6X8!3T$
 /C SCKEA+ L$'X3H.CG30,,;PF:1X'.\"XF&
M#(V[?]S]AW:_T)F"80(BMS5=GAR%)3_#T%W!:9(S3X^*.^X)AO6(XI9V_+-2
M@S"&X6\V_6O!MU+WQF2QBX:B;JWBV66W>5MD2R'7I5A!6XW[?-SG^_?Y3WDC
M<-XXBKW'RW=K5+H(^ULCSM'(KS5UR#REVM-;(+#9FLS+86"RTSW5%JZQB&PT
MSIC8>GMYT\!/"8>##.>V.J^+,R)= R8;8EAY5A">DZQV.M<:>V7;D,;#CD-X
MU#)31+,PE-^I[0OIU7_OZM@K32=D])(B!/^''! 865Y18.+DVV-"?(X28)0
M^R6 )0::3LZ6 \6NN/->>Q_;40F=,?S^Y-']!T&0>YSF=\UF/ABSF1\SF_E@
MS&;^:4_?2#QR._G_MRP'*XN9XUCX##$>;&LN$<'X8),P#4AES2I34J8/RWX8
M_;YLR:N_S"\NF2;KFE&X=!=?2P8ZY7)C0%K08RCVVIBB(%AO3>4PU >" U^I
M?9Y*D'ABN[++/8?QV%300V;)V49+@@7&$7]5PI)P?"_XP71"OX@/,XF,LF2(
MM+]]0UQ
+45ZLC;F@J]A2NS:XZARCNZJ*'1<(VIM@B)&"SNJNUI"5&]C5
MD'J?^VSU)2Q9
%A=NNQC=7R&"R^*S)1,D%(K=F(VP [
MS7+:\*;B\*VC->8/):C+%!'D"PQ1V]BD 6;RR)FP=$W=%^:@L-NZ[$ETAKS9
M4:/#)*]K
+>%@04L:8=8
!7;));]<(;X^'5M@>IQ,ZM!$B57G;/<#Q
M, #/N4ZLWL.D!/Q\R_E[9HKC#(QZ, L+7->\]$U:7#2.YC]U:YI:HNJ4B%%4
M9>,VNT'RU,KC V-[JS_<564DVT#SC^4./'*JO.-YXXW1'S2Y?QQVSYA*+[D
M!ZKD%(Z;,=I5+-&4\))+I+##'\P@R27RAK,W=%>^BI',T6GD7(5:)8J96G2U
M&U0I?C<-R&YB+^I(GGEYAR-#.2+5>>PZTZ7*O[=8[J/D&;^7X_BDZDFA_2OI
MC#;H'.?-I5GUN ?[:\3/<*]$
YHM0CU77"F<;*S:.D TMEQ+6&I88Q:5
<0EZK5
MJRP8
H;K)S(4N^&VP8G$GYFXVW-_LO%EM%!
M1SP'%B]]>AJ Y"R/A.9&5?@V$L"6
%:.]E*1JT"JD1*=Q:Z(QK"WK']O&X
MC>_$9.AM_#S_STX($?9@\ O_*ZS.;)JJV%DY?)VS\;_;1LD#K'.+$9BR%;!(
M7KH_QRUZN(?CEZM^]%9]497WN %!5=_
B?.*ZDMVZ;,?7A) >V"'!ILY
M^DO5DD9#^JPX]FW*&0<>Z],>,40H$T--4RE2ZD,>#V9FKJ,>=VR#CS+X;ASW
MSK:U1L1@;1RFT;:Y<'JYA)&O,T4DMWF#Z#+B71R;*;PWH,_#$>CS,8$^#T>@
MSY=U^K[8R= JP'?S$5=TL/NU2':?]%1N)UG@UK!Y2TO\FU%%C)OT+3
S"]Q]#?'S'TXV9[
MF\U&G/#3B26%'Y28ED8^=>GJ5++8B:4&KA-?[CN0R_9\_&%#\[&P=MRV;[-M
M22L/1"0\M[0F=(TS?I<5M@
PG,.P3/%H@%X]&$0X2SY4R1W*(VA;G",TM6T:R9'WF&""('XYIA
MIVY2QXY")
;SRQ8/[T,/J'
M&K:]/GLU;#!U:8>P[C5K+A/A>DTMM[ML?F91GTYZV-M4&%G$Z,_T*.5([06+
MKW8U^QP>\^]K;MM\9.,:#\C! ^(LISV\*LL0GH((W;*Z3LP;$-!<%MY0F)ZK
M>JKZ(BOA>23#N2U"O-=3+SVES+A^BBI&A*5S5$DG1;6^RRFJ\23
W3_H7Z)^)1@BJHS'_=ZEWY
__H9#HYM_ LZD:*
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MI*7=Q0SHCJ.,>*?%KLF)C\S66N8;H?/O&1TIKRH_;SK!KCC,VHDE0&DWZ
5$W:YU$8>[^^)RC:UR,4[6-"T;X>H6A?UNG[4B?C_M']Z>1U*/ O
M3&EJC+\/X,:4&F&IOR5L#W9)=J'&^T
E? WM>IP5D6D\[.!J:?&'0J$U$1[_%(\BK6S;:C@^\\2<8OU
M:*3."J=6\I >(Y4HB)1/22)C/5@N3(0B;/;,)H,-[L4;(R8I>G0*FW*@42Y-
M EH!;&>UJO-FATW(Q=
GXX$K;-FKEO<.ZK9Z*/

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MHAY!XZ,4)\C=GA9;='7G9BJWX-:TND8NR+PHP#M*X DNTE>#]R"[RHE7]*#
M8HV*V8YPA/V$JL
F4Q.<$=$)CD8CH1]"'&&#N7L4E))PJ5+'ESB.54
M=%NU,DR\/1+;Q1$1SUU1G3] W560?Y>;M#0>B= (*)+,6D,:::4[/C:[FNRX
M;05S<1.,:E07H[J(J(N'G#.)^$EH);;UCH]WE)]7Y$/0B5?+^\#C[#8+AD.X
M)KRT/ ND60/>P=%T\DS:&%X1
H9.?C?B+0V_@I?R!T9-XW#M\
M/^B^;]*G-NXK'C!60?)<52"U5]5N(:31_=]-)Y1Q\4$@STM-+\ &:A5)9",H
MO<
&,PS=CQN%C9AR^&3,.=^RPC.KU
M ZG7KV.X.6ZR\!T(YWJ3%7_YX7Q?UD"% ,'L1UMU56VQP*!H)817FZU!OF^B
M4E=1$[B8LNII
:D#6
M5^(FJ#P/OZ7D[M$YQ/@3^3%4F3K;$SP)K?H@?HN,\0'?.[_M/,CX1U(J:2=(
M]IBC@60J&)X?9TMT. 6Z03(U8]Y2D.JE#F/8S/Y(1?UK@\%9&WYOJ_EC\6S!
M]G"61+/;8JB\,0>B8ASZZG
F_+4.0;@FS=0HA2?D62
MUJJSI.L?P=@J'THCL10)/O?E!*D5+B/+**R&U)Y+QF1A)9O7(1U1R'T?F4^\
M(0P8(M1 S.>D+G(2%U+RC<
&.FLA'*JVF!B
#?0+;
MI,X;&)%DHDEF;U"*=
3"&SA#S?I&JKLIM,[6RYIB
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M?98$?2+"N[27-
QEP>AR=)(+ L]'46H#H^'6^P0T="1NG%KK:D248
M:,6;"'-=8HGK]A#..6(Y@1JR4M5DY:C! W'0S1R7)F>,/#&&&D3MPJ$9X S-
M/$XE*SQV>VM_W1*4A
3F=^%H#04W;.@&*)B^D-7:T2D-CY^%'A)D2S(Y^,1^SMJQI
M'.?!>LT#C8A' ?;.M7S?CIGUCYE9_W;,K-^QTQ?"4/[@V-]MQ,>?+HCS\/:\
M,:\,VM]84-;I+SW&QL:DW:$Y>8CA&9@8BKS(3L+I"6#E3+UJNT6[ZB&=*#XE
M]RR[N*BY'@2)L!^FQ\?'^#_=%K>VNW5-=#$8_ED*\!?C,U(]D]I"$BZ$$?-3
M  +=J)$#]<'O!YQAMCEE&/$AR#/8Q@3S5HK'!,"^*^7AOC;-W
)T1ZPH\.W4PPIJPMEM8=C;9UH&
M68N^M2WFVB9[DV]VFZ1K1C(#2$GF8]8RD%)6@)P#UQ;6U5$I4[ 35J.''X&G
M'$%4VO1KJOP !%C*\QB1OZ+*HX*Q%,06*@Y!U3*OC6 T\-T[X(ZP\:V=R&"$
MY$5TR>9&RW5TO2/"\I2$Y2O<:2 0+FVIB!S3W\(&%2Q'PWSE+)_[G4[&=(,U
MR-N
K3ZMFO!700FZ5>O7F3NCG'>5:*653# G+/KHQ3P*7OF]1"!.
M12Y6]NL;<=HVQS(H*JK7R@NN7(."<(+8O=S,O%F:;
8,447% 5]-!J 6+&(EU@
MG"5O"WF44ZHU$C6M
?/TF.0#Z).UPA!>+=)^QK\
MVG[OR=$=&\VM_F1\;:E)(Z7'/0H@%KTVD:#Q+%;T9E=97BCGQ>._GSH^G0%D
M@J-/<3K!H L,0I0
&% D'OW$.2EPJL23ANO%^8
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M=!51?)3IU&$,$:_L$FBF01@-89-$Z,B

M<>/M<7% Q%ZA '*89=HU)K<\M]TU!?-OSV[,_?9ZEEW^<:-\^%/S6490*4[Z
MS5OA?T+MIP! 8SQ_1  =F)-O! '$Q8#$D4@1^;Y5U8'A"(]D$&H-"-<%KIT5
MU#&F[E('"C4K!V
3NGC[&CDHU\,B*ERXF>"J,[
M*@G_TI(9:UP0E_VGT!B5Q)T4K&B;[NKEY>92Y): TU^2HR3_8*59*8BNP+P
MF4Z^.3J=IWO&K[2*6R-U'TE:[VJCS,286>H'2>0XK)LU<3J-IK6,YR$W\[X^
M #8 KW*J09E"1#,/D[+(S;F83_SFVKU+L(1VW]I<.,Q8F^6E34$'G7\QUDQ9
M\A;.M)&Z)L\KC=1O%7
XZ+'3=_>%MJ(51?#]H
M,YFB0/K+!CN.IURWOD8"U&UA5A
-=+
M-6.17=-:(K3!DL6[!N/4@@V[)]%67&;HT+C*^;6F_=/L&O")JD!I./O.C[-@
M.6U/"
25[&)?2[(+03J^$;10]./.C)(VNM,QP^^"
M_J>O5#'-2[I-I_/I',W0S49,36
C%ALU^X!F9[C:
M.8IF :/U-5-48BI Z5X)1>B50"CY1HP(%;82RNKU:"JPB8]A [-):G6),DDZ
MGY!7)_55L1X6\)MM1@&2ZTLX7%=4GJT5, NG\"78@T3!286>7EB,IVL,;42.
MU7TZ5L_-A2E7?*X(0: 5M2\$W'.XQ)#.A(YOB6DZBK]3&MP&1*Q^Z$
>MN:6K52-8;PZ.ED
\06,;(.F&A&0"L^CLC2T65&- 9GQK.\_ZP^P8
"[#
3[KDS*PTB5[W2Q@/^
M'HJ13XY'(,S'!,*<'(](F"_K_'VID_'-T4-4L*SO,'S%RH/9L,2V=J4U&H$:
MU$"B
K(W\#:=A!J=#- #,
JZ?R&>N4H8X1XO-.0"5?%
M=%5E$;=EW1=X[3R*ZW;TPT:5/(J$B$CXFOUK5.YZ7^'I9I'P;$V[\AJ#QOI<
M^?BKK:ETAR3#.! S$=MLB&0G(@XZ;WYJPQ:XWO[^O+4#X]Z5%3:=^C%OY=JJ
M+B\RCI(S^!$[M$')V8:(!I%4:#II,%L4/*M382U/N(D\(/&5B5[\V4YO,73^
M_C)M$ _(+U^$PPDB@#X]J.I>R2MRX88;8LRO5[\;L\5G@"C'8KDQ6SW2W+Z'
M&K-OP4
XS"TGN;WMHBCBAM57&\RONUC+EBQ#6S;
M'OW>7N0%[?)>]Y8HG+-C]KX39J-73O<'(!ND

MV*-3?#>$-(XB+(:!%
1,+Y57'6+#L.S"MB2K/.:8MK,WL+\G:+)!V^&)=J
M>>0 P5:EQK6' #\NQ$$&LWX TK.T*-*R".UJ#R9BSRT^%7P, M3@>(0T57^=
M=EO?.%*O;WO]UF5NW,LR^Q*+39FM _/T6J(,W?#(D$0FO\$L,5-XQ7U[*Z'I
M"%_Q&
I\WL4]?UCG,;9X=1$I@!989
M\3JCF(J)J?M=H,Y+"E;(WA276Q/Y$/NRE#^1G(GN7[:!:H/U^(R0@1V\1GO-
MLMHU9DG]:CP53JR[>8J@&I(KQ"+/MB6:"4(WD#6-::.LQ>,*J^T>W_3[\FXG
M8][MH^;=3L:\VP
]-
MS+[@/DT6!*2H=T,P8F3JYIBPT 3%.NI#ODCF4I^J:R4N%;??]/R2G))@3'[>
M2+I(++"5[:C;8W&,L"8Y'VXD(;J#(OEN3,:W1P])/&EDX4!DK@
N_[-TQ'I7@J# >8&_>
M[DC2>@&91\;A\=D!S(R.3S/RE"^<=_(NT\FA[$A]FP2)3=_$:U8U\2"IVSB7
MP.TBY98*)/;6V'N(WV)3U<;VK7[#[:R'@EB4FZ!?2A
;NK&BL?.X7LTQ&70Z8GY 1D,/,/W)V(PL*^*CA"1Q<;RWXWF
M+>@DM.4&(4F55%&^-7M!\@C)"W@ZWE
 K"C85D(IT&$*&"V
!QH,^FDZBT=S+>Q(*9NB&(M$1IQ0FRL+:=+R%8YO5RM\$+EH9D9]X.
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MZCO-*=
QWW 88?$T:1A:O 1;OV;KB0U95(#.COU;EM?)+UG]NVE9=S-6@CO:
M8G->'QA4G224(?T86?6M 9HFE]4U$J-9
.5I_7Y!;33L%5N)V?_I/;3__!:;MCUNHH03[]7* $.3V:
M3IZQ,T5Q3=I4+ZKR'L88=J"F;@+Q(:S"1KI.)!W)HW;Y6\N6Z238W?X9L2;B
MW$%F'=0B)GSN\=C'#\3> ^N>UQ.G\9?"PSE\-O>/'D>NB]_)-@@*X.\:!F4\
MKI]^+O"XWC_J$".PVE4-[#LY1M^D&ALW#I]<26P)8ZK;G$Q<@PG')<(2I4TU
M]X#4BA+1I90.R5A?NO;3>*U2HEJ#WK$M/OIO=V$R'@E@^I>L+#G*:#
)!!](V&.7J(UF.?I)8M?-&G.).1'Y(D%GNZOI+[8*0WI#-%!; N26> \D
M2EI3PZ3,LG##T13SVXY9>+=MKU+?2A1#O)0RP-,F1S5L5XH#IBY'%!?VG=5Z
M%?6@OK3YRWQ(ME=ZQZNE8#YW;@HL:IO7%V)CX;)R?"Z<&(&!T%-6U7)'-W=2
MHIM%&HG"QS/_5F?^(1A=F/G0VU9OV5C I5.M@&9?T>=)4!(A6Z_-4O)F3)@_
MR^>6(1^MW\N4(!'V._4EG,?EI0$KV!8@RD:G$'(D%4+"R=U'W2CO_=1+(H?I
MGTZ*G&J,Z?36&64BZ4S>)%0IF;?(E&S>+$%=7S#6 <[I/;CS/>JN9C"%@=8H
MGVQY:">'JE*EC3"_U;J08SKI1,AL)A>EC"U3:;,WQ@LP!
9X+0P%

M.&DR,.\Q1;8T9M5$&G#1]L#/SFLX0<8$RWSUEJN<_.%%QHX??W25NV'0=UKD
MZ>2]K#+..&-Y5!0VMNKP"@6S^'76/]#8TL2"+KZ1(IRBRJRZV[L5\'?[=H)>
M^:MY8E?>)QAA;4 G5]2CT$HU;B&@Y4=@7\3Z''8BQIJ0G$SR#1@STHDUP] 2
M^:N(K6;*M.FDQQNS,%0+@:NXMFBDQ
U:U?HD#NZ@'AD#!!],[J.6FD^$ [E'R
M,^==L'HXI-@49!2/@F.]??),
VK;.PMW"&=D%6$]PIF8GO@ CT;9&5,6H09_# '0W#JU^#;YZO
M\JR^F1-:&"T '<+&(J:&_&,4LN"2S_X'I&MZ?'P\3T/@F.^=#I*#2K=@"8?7
MICE*_H9VR*Y&M+*,UO-+IX/SYI^3_8[%TR7CV-%*M'N)/16+8::HX4T ;&,T
MUH$%C79DRMR\
1P<(K8=@:*2 ER_-Z1&@ N&N@[4E8= O2J[K.F.\;T!%L\$CZY=>0!#8,S
M-:\#W]^\@5?9=_[ZXC]P!N4]K,YX'>D'BKQLYY
Y-(U+.\%( YAHDX
MU0%&2U.5$J-Q10P]J2+A$WN7B[K:;;F8*BQI9&:([M7VLA:
>+1*N"PPFX+C=@@8+0>(3I#^59=IHE)O-H#A!1ND:>/#L8E!5"4KB\@ 5
M6Q$#Z,+ #*^M NGN@)[Y3>LQG7"Y7\89O2+/N&JVPWO)S0W(SB^R?),F1=40
MKE]=@#X*TY4TNZ+E;!E-2AT>BU%DC!9G5WX^>F
EA/G\][I85SI0!CVP1B&_:AAV =C&/:.'9=1,7PH.H]C
M;K>J)7%/#U#I9ND@0,Z@(@O'\?-U'$Q5%9KA=RC]ZYK!-1>L<\A*PH)?=!EM
M!W.ZC<^+GBW;%.LFV9*&[S@8X Q&D&IE=8VI5?([X4<1)%(#SVJX+O(FEJ"D
MMYSE[,%/)\H(E9RB='3GQ&)>HKWNZL;1P,./ TX%LBW)6)]I_.'0CX1DQ$8T
MMZ"5A2@:0YU@EAYZA=0FL
\13OH\31 GPJE6
M"< XISY;7>6-H[B&KRC4(F3RLY.Y#STU-A[4\I6J1_70
HXJ2 TP)WA0N P6]GI_-^Z"RW()ZR
M4@3??"^)N*F9&!R+1&JRWYGN5("F["A=5SNPG3;TW566%SK'SLO"H3,XE!LV
MU;1CX!><+32"[ 1-U'#;"".)?=]:0+6X@\@/S!4X%APDA8%;FQ7SDV.1-QUE
MC6DH[A[:^_C3JIW>_=Z">6ID[;HE:]?)\9%MH'.VW8*+G_.Q9'_D:&SV-G*@
M_9&C#-OK!/97C"W&IC4Q5IY&,&L4G_(T+BA,APBWR.9Z??9*!^VPJI:*[#!H
M1Z5!WTTGLVR.?3K%R#!XC
P86VDM 7UO(4_*=/@NKQ(JD'2Z1U^%T:T-?[>\*@E/ZH'YG(9=?M.,E2X
M9*5'1]B^U.9^:7R( < 1^HJFP2I#G?\-%Q0?&>+68N5.,!HS5QN@RR*JK66*
ML+0$V=.+*K%?N-/:WZG;IPC> 0>TV2%80/A=N&HK:ZUQB066LY-C(43Q>2?I
MC.2'3(; 17_7V.138]JVX#P008?M#%$V"@R"A;#+V-*$42Y\>,_RSZA93DY
M3Y][MB+N'E;0OZF>&5/C'7*>D<%TU-Y_3'N?6 I3JIG /:>VX&-?/,CR4WTG
M/2U [>U*Z93F&3%%E_PDDE;O:L[+>:EMZ,'YE2',U/"%OG8ISK/E1@'^J#T^
M'EO'3ZU1%SJ=QBG\+BO;+>@\D+X@@'HL3=8X*I$^A5;:;V2!FMFI0DS!:BXZ
MQPPIWCPSCC I&+Y5OA'JD8.<>I;UTO* QT!^&I/G6]ZI50BET@S-+G@::%N8
M3;B1UKET^VU>9WH%<#9#G GC]?

MG]9%1F@"WV;J4CWVS@9.N=-)?&,JD.">+?BLQUV7^8"4#)1*^3QUH(S9)9UI
M\--),/I>HY"]?(/TCN4=HY_Y^INC3]4-_4/8+Q^C#!T=H/
I1+
M\(#P
RP7EIL(;@)1
0O[01^!KKR_
&>B_*8^&U'2H64H(]M=>E?;ZEWOLNIOBTXW%MP'Q,9B>GM]-\0T7V[^0B
MC)IO/'>1<[>
VRI]+A[SQ34WS+H'WD/PZ7U*!*&Z&W..3N,G/''-MI4&H*X\[#PI1FC03^
MJLX-'.>5+6%QK 68)%J3.[^V>/,8W$3ZLG98T2UQ$='586#)%7[&62PLL":U
MM'8Q3#BX_$L'0E5IFA"7[IH)X;!+1+"7#>YU&T.Q%9?;K$ZN;/Y'5^S@V"^0
M)+YU52QQ(@EB&-A7 &B/25Z[%HRIT+%/)V%.C+LFT,+05=
IVJ+8DK=A:-ULMD4E[U4CE(9D E9 !7/ [JI"<7@>WZH0*L\.4 3VX/UC
M3 8J]6AS3D.+RB](&3+<0VZ--6"?*C7P5&!DK#<1ZRPOF,#"-:LY\":Q?=S#
M]'B:+3 8* \&E\'F6
)($
M
9F#LG'5!F"L">-*%J^;':#X:'VO 8)?+>"?."FZ!,<*?CTO
M3#EMI9465;"GJVLY A$PN:/-M+GKL!@=AIFW,>C5XL9A\
3:I! 3K2H86
MKU,T@^]Q@:4ELG)61&1WLDYC-.D^I4FW E?J# Y1M^\PG)4639PX1E'A"14B
M3]7((1DL.C*'LDS*[Z"&()'<@#(;1!0:7X]*IE0P1B
Q*_SF0:>(HWT'/JJ7XVO#^QX"#Z72NW/["RL\2R ]31
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MT/:EW% FN^( K\7Y,084:0=[9I]+SN"TN3%)?D4G3\D[H5M3E
_+;9L4ZGGNY1T%RFE.M8:>>U[Q/HX
MG
G7S_^K>7/S3M]U_A?VDJPI?D1,N 83V4%M+.)Z=WK.6'R]HCV+3)\Y"#
M^4]B+/XYRT$^M\D "
02!,CTD5E!*]:22E:FO=(EQ8
MS:ZAZK>5XE)%I@'*X?4._8S9\%)'SYI=53FW!H)?K:K= KX3ZBG\I# 7\!RL
M@:M:;L#0NZ5N(!(F+.?C21E/2NRD<)N@)\*8M@;I"G*VD?*3/I:#]SHJ)"WQ
M;12=A3XIE+S3# \42Q_^U-W TXDE9MZC$'OMT;OUBTIKJ[-QS3%Z=UO*N-YT
MB"WE?;';I+PP$FB2I<)!)(K=#!^S= ".;+.H"(UHKY&;HJB6F:N_[:4MB"%N
M.ND#'NSE$8C$BOLJ48@G)3X29E]._2U
8(DR^VL8%U3K$4>M^+K0S&LK5
MD YN0'"1@6-H]5?242E-]*>X(79%2QT&3;L\FF,&%TD>+BYY>82B#XVT3'*6
MEZYJ9&D+7&%NJ3+#ELEV5\>9EB2;_3Y(@R#:I6KLAI1W.S0LB&_$LU10@[8T
MCF^ZI$YNB/$S5' +"F%7[9KBQ@;?A'B&:?TL%ZZ
BP"6#'7"B&JHQSP1-$I%\:M.%9LK1HO?,6XLDZ&,,D'!7UR\DB^
MX+ZG$80HO,
L:E6C(49O9/1YOJC8>QOQC#V1PUC?S.&L?^TYVYDS'A;Q@SL:7[F
MV@4T'Y(-8]Q,G_%D_+:MI$BD6C+MYM+Y_,[_LH%IW]&:*DH0.Q=-%DA?#@7;
M#SN9NJ2*[^-'6U6Z W&?!X:L6Z_PN]$M&%VE6[E*IT+;PF$Q@N0\R;9Y"\/]
MKTKT*5HV+L&WW=XML)LC ;ZK3"S8PSF['B69T%P0RHCHV32%B80[+'*O=S'[
M5$2&RA2JOM$.<
WXR=
M=_>E)-@2GU@4+H;728J5[J5@^(;1_@2\Y2H8(XV,IQ/%_S$T+TXDH/O)Q5P,
MA+0BPK$FY.6RIC@F5
VY*<&F.<8V3UE
M7ID6A_-PO$?A.GPUMV(W\DF;HT/L2U]H.-V@EP\
SJ(T'?RJ'"J0<\WL2W@-
LYJ#C%$6P1E@>\PB^*-('5
ME3([BHHLBUV37YFCY"GE>$@EP8:'JQO.X.AN1)3 =F
6P)=.^^X>VB;
MJ((CO1C4NBYVC2TYXJ!K*IS2>OH6CDM$0L/^71W=LZI%"\57[?'Q?:9#>\9'
M(_)/8T2>O+_9.!58C:2B4.4BK*(J)!D5E/\3C*+W2]Z+6B',? $L0]P=)#B5
M:M_4X]Z9(5V@[_/I1-4!QS6-LCWA]&[X%D0$GR,T9&6+LQ(T#*ZPIV;KL3\$
MY.EVJ7L2$
XKF2,!S%BSM$I)RB)?O
M8:=^.NG4@.\9R4U_*)Y'3,0?E_R2\"YY K
OIYS!=5 @\])6#&Y9,G
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M$HM_; ?7Z-;^2F.#R;%Q<0^NIT5[
:>[1Q<,J3(*-FR,
MT[3$SNR^A1;^$NV?>B>MQLB)E5BQ'C9U6X_4=: ^1XZT14U&H>L:W' X>H.M
MV%*.YSM3_H9F)@-SO+!Y/&ZHLK*IDBXL\RAYFG4XW/GYELIH1I:236,T/!!A
MW#E(_-4X2B1I1V9YCWB6,UL^Q40>0MV#5@U[$)&;.O8S"9!3EF"S91 91YOR
MQI(JCC;/*'-C,O?!=,+I@5[O@#[^&/E%&2>-GGU02-?D, )L^>W8Z=W)CS !
M.- Q^0PN/L_46^"Q%?E2VG^[
 'WNB \;.LK
M-<^KE@):-'3;;'(N<0Y,9'6CL]F;9!94><(^0M%[GKWI%'?.42Q5#4LQI&AP
M3*\/'CUZ1!E?'CYO!
?%T7V4W&')]ZS<0 W
MME]+D_R$'@X,XW].CHZ/YV&?+XQTOLDWNXT=6O0IW.*6;VW-'@8I=];5KZ)$
M4JFY&(8&J6B!9L;.B##CR9F:3FR:-&96\-1<4(UET_I]RI.*&)E[!';.&IB0
M69O]3L'@DLCXEASFZ'7A3+F9+BE0K&4I,.!;;1!4G;VQ%(7!.\T[.1R:*_=F
MX2ME,MI:#T^&W1
*,K
M #%MP1B"1Q=B=)%3_%TR.^.>:H[0TPV%>\VPV08J!EZ+Q(]=F6U6@_6#9HZ]
ME/
IVN1+^6:F8DP8)+R0G"W'/S%"5N?8*=5E51JIXD92P:'7
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MT+?
JUF7A;<8L:MZR00
-X9%9V&U58XE7KN+N6I0Z['^F*+IL?464T"EK*P\.P
M493^?@N2(Q;E,9I*?QI1#0+V&Q*P@??@>4 X0]3>B*BE'
H/8C=V);!DB_*!MLH*.S@;.DBV_Q$PW'JNLI@:@ZB\%2LC8#F
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M+6WK$ :R534Y(FJ/P]](9M9(WTJIS&N\5ZW>?Y2QHXR-R=C3Z>2
:Z/Z= UMMA&,ZVZ%M6/CNXG
M?*8<6-.SRL1;RHT[?MSQL1U_?SKI]T'$/25$%4[I)^^L\P\I^U3A4+RK62I2
MXO"3CB)1/1J)+1S.V(8YQ!$@*7USI
V/F=H^/1Y3VU_6^?M2)P.TY8/I!)FA8GTJ0G3D
M -F3U542@58NUCX*P+QTE!HN:$1Y!E%CBN.EI\OGUDLE7:FMR
(ZN=;:\5Z,C(FN7#MXYX>A^JNVQA,Z@0[D-I!%81FG+.4ALT)Y*_H"
MP]\2QW9&\,G1R6PQ3QS-BS.'-1_);1JE
-7,@&7KW&PJ#1B@6
MQQ#R;4/(#X[ +X5-3)O\#&S4E4U<63]R#!R/2BNNM!Y@X/C\,N"*)>9)8]'!
MY%VQ&X18 
-0(>U5M-75B!*(CO9V$3=/I+ 7BM4@$O/'\
M2+
8+0S[Q@^6
M&_*VBA434%LA?W;8/.)-BD<)S3_^&)4)81O  F.N,?@WIA)2*7.L=?G^ %)&
M&: 4G'$:2BS?TJ 1B-A*I!
DCWQNV99(+*H"3<1,NAE[-K66PN+!C47(/
M+5KR?M9,11Y517:]*X2VN+^F1!&U?U'+[EIX#RJDTHY!J7@]U,:P,]G=&7B4
M!K;&(62818*-
WD>[6"G4!FPKMCFR*P/+F9"3
MF$8,O"]1(;2< H[K.X4(%Q(=.G198?ED7(,NBYA6BJFJ=;.N1"J_-YN*##J+
MKUMR)0*7>Q<(.J!>O<09D6IY@+5PL#S5!CRW7^ %,( QJ*<9N<$2H-EM!9K:
M$+
)1?HTHOG<+P3RT(1C89)SE'T,NHQ,7[P9$P#4=A58P/6?Z,:%+
M!Z61(L\"2JU?MXZ!U6*[;(P^38+T]"!RS?5/D8H 1IMA(VY*>X/!EY?=,(8-
ML<22\-*U'KL(.X,\!FOI KN$9%SFPV;B>Y
=&-H#S/-$?/*B
V_@+W4N+T?B]M2AW5XXRMD&'C)SD-M
MNY:A"7\1P,DY?^/#Z&*I:QPY!]8]NW%01!*6KMSX_DRZ]SQE4N,CB[1W9 (H
MF2'L7JB8B05UI(B?O*%^Z%9)[$YH@+L\$/=W&ICLZ43EQT9>8P+O9LR^P9;
M1'-*R*;[_[8K+=/-N*WNDEUX-R;CG-@EZVIIS*JQM+AQCG4+*J&N 5Y]Z5!(
M)ZG2Z6=+L?*%27:-M'P5L@8G.SV!>ZPS[Q[UYIAEDG,?KL?6U&L< @>C7+\[
M1M;8O@"N>16WFL*P#X6I*OD=B'B.9F TQR /)^8EX+:]]+:+]KL\I64$U<-R
MP\"
3W,6%SF6Z2';:^-Z:MZ6\,8$ O;+"V77,)3 QYS
M1=&/?#R-JKK$];[*ZW9G@@I+IZ\[M-P2Y0FX/OI$0V%\*D(K[M8?6<67.\QL
MPYRO
#+5E=E-@KF4I:0_M([STWZ@#MW.5B[7%'.=96?D><$\G]
M(542PP\LS2WRCT\G,XPS4I0+(_ Y4ENL"= +C["QP/O8+TS>_*F]W2O3"ES$
MOIQ4.=]@C3/^_.31-P\HCDG)+;.:.UX.C$CN:EM))'SH>ER-Q@)$:."E6JE&
M+MN\1,JQ^#'O\M([W(FO[G-18YHRMG##FEL>D.:$7W$C6R(0[;)V=>T=*:OY
M0B7R:/6\K=7S+6;#D.5\3(*-5DX<#?(MXHX1.H ("8(/<5BW<8J4-2?VSV%P
MGV/VAEU'0 !/,55G@C-P[3%=NYU
**4$1+BVJNF2:Y^(FTK" $7,=XZ/_
M1-&[:!6A>9%(WP%J@)3[/DD*--EH!1(6MB"XA$%L_4UP;7CCE%A:6_SE!QB-
M;/-$P)E,#.=AH'9,- P>%F9"=O72'(.-$8S\580CK1V"HY0@3MZW,IH2=
M'3/((G."NXMGX])L$ECT#=&(9!<99A@]#I: JK@3X6&%A2GQ5LDLX 6WKFTL
M:=@@!0,E*]H;,7_+[CMWZO?=G7,C':#4NC &1_CI[(2EB51"$T$:?6J*51J.
MR;V 9?TGLOR^"=+?1Q84L^Y.&QH:1/;7Z3[&!'^M^Z9IS59#J1#ANQ]-A&/2
MVT%HP7E7= &63+-@7SLP^&E6]KL[-M';+6M+-
.L^4NK &HHM6UW0 5TF8?@H)JL,5:M
MV#3\<$-:6)!E9L%KG:;.SGEW&HK,]$XC/')Y0/"M8^ ""K]>&<$V.&&5)N"D
MR,3)? 23T< \-B(W$:VW(RVKCZ+6#$0#A#:!)Q\.\<-%89O"R1-HX1CO3P]?
M[8@$$)V7QCJAU Q'K0D>4$^:H-LY61Y( G@&7J9RLN!W!:LJKW88F8&J:XRW
MC9;HX=3L/N3'Z8C\^*C(C],1^?&G/7>C$ K=X8'"OFY)W=X6@MH^
SR,0=+G8IDR5NMF)H]MIZ
M>=8&;CH+OTRYNUW_?E)'Y^O]^G>#\8
D!"B0_#K98DLT$\DT.A34[=I.SJU-B:2*2QC1+D/V
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ML#6#(;B+.MM>8@/5^>S^/$UF#^:\=+.'-*OAV'@<X>!&E3^J_'=2^:>@\E4
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MFQYL#Q];].!W<+Q!#(SHMP^/?GOX4=%OGQR?]NX[]^Z.\ ,KD:]^_/6G?_V
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MQNF!(20&43D80M.2&8D!(Q(*&'#W_(A+TG69I7 NBQ6*)MLR)F(8C'1H6@P
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M400H#HT/ZAN%P!A*PG39/O-U9S;8M]/FW]A?]@VL9LO_4$L! A0#%     @
MO(!$7#/,)/:1;0  &OL"  H              ( !     &5X,3 M,2YH=&U0
M2P$"% ,4    " "\@$1<C0N/O1T2  #=D   "P              @ &Y;0
M9F]R;3@M:RYH=&U02P$"% ,4    " "\@$1<!0?QDB@#  #?"P  $0
M        @ '_?P  9VQA:2TR,#(V,#$S,"YX<V102P$"% ,4    " "\@$1<
MF&0V[OT*  !_A@  %0              @ %6@P  9VQA:2TR,#(V,#$S,%]L
M86(N>&UL4$L! A0#%     @ O(!$7.2;,?=9!P  TE<  !4
M ( !AHX  &=L86DM,C R-C Q,S!?<')E+GAM;%!+!08     !0 % #8!   2
%E@     !

end
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
<XML>
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<xbrl
  xmlns="http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance"
  xmlns:dei="http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025"
  xmlns:link="http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase"
  xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
    <link:schemaRef xlink:href="glai-20260130.xsd" xlink:type="simple"/>
    <context id="AsOf2026-01-30">
        <entity>
            <identifier scheme="http://www.sec.gov/CIK">0001473490</identifier>
        </entity>
        <period>
            <startDate>2026-01-30</startDate>
            <endDate>2026-01-30</endDate>
        </period>
    </context>
    <dei:AmendmentFlag contextRef="AsOf2026-01-30" id="Fact000003">false</dei:AmendmentFlag>
    <dei:EntityCentralIndexKey contextRef="AsOf2026-01-30" id="Fact000004">0001473490</dei:EntityCentralIndexKey>
    <dei:DocumentType contextRef="AsOf2026-01-30" id="Fact000009">8-K</dei:DocumentType>
    <dei:DocumentPeriodEndDate contextRef="AsOf2026-01-30" id="Fact000010">2026-01-30</dei:DocumentPeriodEndDate>
    <dei:EntityRegistrantName contextRef="AsOf2026-01-30" id="Fact000011">Global AI, Inc.</dei:EntityRegistrantName>
    <dei:EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode contextRef="AsOf2026-01-30" id="Fact000012">NV</dei:EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode>
    <dei:EntityFileNumber contextRef="AsOf2026-01-30" id="Fact000013">333-163439</dei:EntityFileNumber>
    <dei:EntityTaxIdentificationNumber contextRef="AsOf2026-01-30" id="Fact000014">26-4170100</dei:EntityTaxIdentificationNumber>
    <dei:EntityAddressAddressLine1 contextRef="AsOf2026-01-30" id="Fact000015">110 Front Street</dei:EntityAddressAddressLine1>
    <dei:EntityAddressAddressLine2 contextRef="AsOf2026-01-30" id="Fact000016">Suite 300</dei:EntityAddressAddressLine2>
    <dei:EntityAddressCityOrTown contextRef="AsOf2026-01-30" id="Fact000017">Jupiter</dei:EntityAddressCityOrTown>
    <dei:EntityAddressStateOrProvince contextRef="AsOf2026-01-30" id="Fact000018">FL</dei:EntityAddressStateOrProvince>
    <dei:EntityAddressPostalZipCode contextRef="AsOf2026-01-30" id="Fact000019">33477</dei:EntityAddressPostalZipCode>
    <dei:CityAreaCode contextRef="AsOf2026-01-30" id="Fact000020">(561)</dei:CityAreaCode>
    <dei:LocalPhoneNumber contextRef="AsOf2026-01-30" id="Fact000021">240-0333</dei:LocalPhoneNumber>
    <dei:WrittenCommunications contextRef="AsOf2026-01-30" id="Fact000022">false</dei:WrittenCommunications>
    <dei:SolicitingMaterial contextRef="AsOf2026-01-30" id="Fact000023">false</dei:SolicitingMaterial>
    <dei:PreCommencementTenderOffer contextRef="AsOf2026-01-30" id="Fact000024">false</dei:PreCommencementTenderOffer>
    <dei:PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer contextRef="AsOf2026-01-30" id="Fact000025">false</dei:PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer>
    <dei:EntityEmergingGrowthCompany contextRef="AsOf2026-01-30" id="Fact000026">false</dei:EntityEmergingGrowthCompany>
</xbrl>
</XML>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
